*javax.naming.directory.SearchControls* *SearchControls* This class encapsulates
 factors that determine scope of search and what gets returned
 as a result of the search.

public class SearchControls
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |java.io.Serializable|

|javax.naming.directory.SearchControls_Description|
|javax.naming.directory.SearchControls_Fields|
|javax.naming.directory.SearchControls_Constructors|
|javax.naming.directory.SearchControls_Methods|

====================================================================================================================================================================================

*javax.naming.directory.SearchControls_Fields*
|int_javax.naming.directory.SearchControls.OBJECT_SCOPE|
|int_javax.naming.directory.SearchControls.ONELEVEL_SCOPE|
|int_javax.naming.directory.SearchControls.SUBTREE_SCOPE|

*javax.naming.directory.SearchControls_Constructors*
|javax.naming.directory.SearchControls()|Constructs a search constraints using defaults.
|javax.naming.directory.SearchControls(int,long,int,String[],boolean,boolean)|Constructs a search constraints using arguments.

*javax.naming.directory.SearchControls_Methods*
|javax.naming.directory.SearchControls.getCountLimit()|Retrieves the maximum number of entries that will be returned  as a result of the search.
|javax.naming.directory.SearchControls.getDerefLinkFlag()|Determines whether links will be dereferenced during the search.
|javax.naming.directory.SearchControls.getReturningAttributes()|Retrieves the attributes that will be returned as part of the search.
|javax.naming.directory.SearchControls.getReturningObjFlag()|Determines whether objects will be returned as part of the result.
|javax.naming.directory.SearchControls.getSearchScope()|Retrieves the search scope of these SearchControls.
|javax.naming.directory.SearchControls.getTimeLimit()|Retrieves the time limit of these SearchControls in milliseconds.
|javax.naming.directory.SearchControls.setCountLimit(long)|Sets the maximum number of entries to be returned  as a result of the search.
|javax.naming.directory.SearchControls.setDerefLinkFlag(boolean)|Enables/disables link dereferencing during the search.
|javax.naming.directory.SearchControls.setReturningAttributes(String[])|Specifies the attributes that will be returned as part of the search.
|javax.naming.directory.SearchControls.setReturningObjFlag(boolean)|Enables/disables returning objects returned as part of the result.
|javax.naming.directory.SearchControls.setSearchScope(int)|Sets the search scope to one of:  OBJECT_SCOPE, ONELEVEL_SCOPE, SUBTREE_SCOPE.
|javax.naming.directory.SearchControls.setTimeLimit(int)|Sets the time limit of these SearchControls in milliseconds.

*javax.naming.directory.SearchControls_Description*

This class encapsulates factors that determine scope of search and what gets returned as a result of the search. 

A SearchControls instance is not synchronized against concurrent multithreaded access. Multiple threads trying to access and modify a single SearchControls instance should lock 
the object. 



*int_javax.naming.directory.SearchControls.OBJECT_SCOPE*

Search the named object. 

The NamingEnumeration that results from search() using OBJECT_SCOPE will contain one or zero element. The enumeration contains one element if the named object satisfies the search 
filter specified in search(). The element will have as its name the empty string because the names of elements in the NamingEnumeration are relative to the target context--in this 
case, the target context is the named object. It contains zero element if the named object does not satisfy the search filter specified in search(). 

The value of this constant is 0. 


*int_javax.naming.directory.SearchControls.ONELEVEL_SCOPE*

Search one level of the named context. 

The NamingEnumeration that results from search() using ONELEVEL_SCOPE contains elements with objects in the named context that satisfy the search filter specified in search(). The 
names of elements in the NamingEnumeration are atomic names relative to the named context. 

The value of this constant is 1. 


*int_javax.naming.directory.SearchControls.SUBTREE_SCOPE*

Search the entire subtree rooted at the named object. 

If the named object is not a DirContext, search only the object. If the named object is a DirContext, search the subtree rooted at the named object, including the named object 
itself. 

The search will not cross naming system boundaries. 

The NamingEnumeration that results from search() using SUBTREE_SCOPE contains elements of objects from the subtree (including the named context) that satisfy the search filter 
specified in search(). The names of elements in the NamingEnumeration are either relative to the named context or is a URL string. If the named context satisfies the search 
filter, it is included in the enumeration with the empty string as its name. 

The value of this constant is 2. 



*javax.naming.directory.SearchControls()*

public SearchControls()

Constructs a search constraints using defaults. 

The defaults are: 

search one level no maximum return limit for search results no time limit for search return all attributes associated with objects that satisfy the search filter. do not return 
named object (return only name and class) do not dereference links during search 


*javax.naming.directory.SearchControls(int,long,int,String[],boolean,boolean)*

public SearchControls(
  int scope,
  long countlim,
  int timelim,
  java.lang.String[] attrs,
  boolean retobj,
  boolean deref)

Constructs a search constraints using arguments. 

    scope - The search scope. One of: OBJECT_SCOPE, ONELEVEL_SCOPE, SUBTREE_SCOPE. 
    timelim - The number of milliseconds to wait before returning. If 0, wait indefinitely. 
    deref - If true, dereference links during search. 
    countlim - The maximum number of entries to return. If 0, return all entries that satisfy filter. 
    retobj - If true, return the object bound to the name of the entry; if false, do not return object. 
    attrs - The identifiers of the attributes to return along with the entry. If null, return all attributes. If empty return no attributes. 

*javax.naming.directory.SearchControls.getCountLimit()*

public long getCountLimit()

Retrieves the maximum number of entries that will be returned as a result of the search. 

0 indicates that all entries will be returned. 



    Returns: The maximum number of entries that will be returned. 

*javax.naming.directory.SearchControls.getDerefLinkFlag()*

public boolean getDerefLinkFlag()

Determines whether links will be dereferenced during the search. 



    Returns: true if links will be dereferenced; false otherwise. 

*javax.naming.directory.SearchControls.getReturningAttributes()*

public |java.lang.String|[] getReturningAttributes()

Retrieves the attributes that will be returned as part of the search. 

A value of null indicates that all attributes will be returned. An empty array indicates that no attributes are to be returned. 



    Returns: An array of attribute ids identifying the attributes that will be returned. Can be null. 

*javax.naming.directory.SearchControls.getReturningObjFlag()*

public boolean getReturningObjFlag()

Determines whether objects will be returned as part of the result. 



    Returns: true if objects will be returned; false otherwise. 

*javax.naming.directory.SearchControls.getSearchScope()*

public int getSearchScope()

Retrieves the search scope of these SearchControls. 

One of OBJECT_SCOPE, ONELEVEL_SCOPE, SUBTREE_SCOPE. 



    Returns: The search scope of this SearchControls. 

*javax.naming.directory.SearchControls.getTimeLimit()*

public int getTimeLimit()

Retrieves the time limit of these SearchControls in milliseconds. 

If the value is 0, this means to wait indefinitely. 



    Returns: The time limit of these SearchControls in milliseconds. 

*javax.naming.directory.SearchControls.setCountLimit(long)*

public void setCountLimit(long limit)

Sets the maximum number of entries to be returned as a result of the search. 

0 indicates no limit: all entries will be returned. 


    limit - The maximum number of entries that will be returned. 

*javax.naming.directory.SearchControls.setDerefLinkFlag(boolean)*

public void setDerefLinkFlag(boolean on)

Enables/disables link dereferencing during the search. 


    on - if true links will be dereferenced; if false, not followed. 

*javax.naming.directory.SearchControls.setReturningAttributes(String[])*

public void setReturningAttributes(java.lang.String[] attrs)

Specifies the attributes that will be returned as part of the search. 

null indicates that all attributes will be returned. An empty array indicates no attributes are returned. 


    attrs - An array of attribute ids identifying the attributes that will be returned. Can be null. 

*javax.naming.directory.SearchControls.setReturningObjFlag(boolean)*

public void setReturningObjFlag(boolean on)

Enables/disables returning objects returned as part of the result. 

If disabled, only the name and class of the object is returned. If enabled, the object will be returned. 


    on - if true, objects will be returned; if false, objects will not be returned. 

*javax.naming.directory.SearchControls.setSearchScope(int)*

public void setSearchScope(int scope)

Sets the search scope to one of: OBJECT_SCOPE, ONELEVEL_SCOPE, SUBTREE_SCOPE. 


    scope - The search scope of this SearchControls. 

*javax.naming.directory.SearchControls.setTimeLimit(int)*

public void setTimeLimit(int ms)

Sets the time limit of these SearchControls in milliseconds. 

If the value is 0, this means to wait indefinitely. 


    ms - The time limit of these SearchControls in milliseconds. 


