*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanAttributeInfo* *ModelMBeanAttributeInfo* 

public class ModelMBeanAttributeInfo
  extends    |javax.management.MBeanAttributeInfo|
  implements |javax.management.DescriptorAccess|
             |java.lang.Cloneable|

|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanAttributeInfo_Description|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanAttributeInfo_Fields|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanAttributeInfo_Constructors|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanAttributeInfo_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanAttributeInfo_Constructors*
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanAttributeInfo(ModelMBeanAttributeInfo)|C
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanAttributeInfo(String,String,Method,Method)|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanAttributeInfo(String,String,Method,Method,Descriptor)|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanAttributeInfo(String,String,String,boolean,boolean,boolean)|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanAttributeInfo(String,String,String,boolean,boolean,boolean,Descriptor)|

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanAttributeInfo_Methods*
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanAttributeInfo.clone()|Creates and return
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanAttributeInfo.getDescriptor()|Gets a cop
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanAttributeInfo.setDescriptor(Descriptor)|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanAttributeInfo.toString()|Returns a human

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanAttributeInfo_Description*

The ModelMBeanAttributeInfo object describes an attribute of the ModelMBean. It 
is a subclass of MBeanAttributeInfo with the addition of an associated 
Descriptor and an implementation of the DescriptorAccess interface. 

The fields in the descriptor are defined, but not limited to, the following: 

name : attribute name descriptorType : must be "attribute" value : current 
value for attribute default : default value for attribute displayName : name of 
attribute to be used in displays getMethod : name of operation descriptor for 
get method setMethod : name of operation descriptor for set method protocolMap 
: object which implements the Descriptor interface: mappings must be 
appropriate for the attribute and entries can be updated or augmented at 
runtime. persistPolicy : OnUpdate|OnTimer|NoMoreOftenThan|Always|Never 
persistPeriod : seconds - frequency of persist cycle. Used when persistPolicy 
is"OnTimer" or "NoMoreOftenThan". currencyTimeLimit : how long value is valid, 
<0 never, =0 always, >0 seconds lastUpdatedTimeStamp : when value was set 
visibility : 1-4 where 1: always visible 4: rarely visible presentationString : 
xml formatted string to allow presentation of data 

The default descriptor contains the name, descriptorType and displayName 
fields. 

Note: because of inconsistencies in previous versions of this specification, it 
is recommended not to use negative or zero values for currencyTimeLimit. To 
indicate that a cached value is never valid, omit the currencyTimeLimit field. 
To indicate that it is always valid, use a very large number for this field. 


*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanAttributeInfo(ModelMBeanAttributeInfo)*

public ModelMBeanAttributeInfo(javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanAttributeInfo inInfo)

Constructs a new ModelMBeanAttributeInfo object from this 
ModelMBeanAttributeInfo Object. A default descriptor will be created. 

    inInfo - the ModelMBeanAttributeInfo to be duplicated 

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanAttributeInfo(String,String,Method,Method)*

public ModelMBeanAttributeInfo(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String description,
  java.lang.reflect.Method getter,
  java.lang.reflect.Method setter)
  throws |javax.management.IntrospectionException|
         
Constructs a ModelMBeanAttributeInfo object with a default descriptor. 

    name - The name of the attribute. 
    description - A human readable description of the attribute. Optional. 
    getter - The method used for reading the attribute value. May be null if the property is 
       write-only. 
    setter - The method used for writing the attribute value. May be null if the attribute 
       is read-only. 

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanAttributeInfo(String,String,Method,Method,Descriptor)*

public ModelMBeanAttributeInfo(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String description,
  java.lang.reflect.Method getter,
  java.lang.reflect.Method setter,
  javax.management.Descriptor descriptor)
  throws |javax.management.IntrospectionException|
         
Constructs a ModelMBeanAttributeInfo object. 

    name - The name of the attribute. 
    description - A human readable description of the attribute. Optional. 
    getter - The method used for reading the attribute value. May be null if the property is 
       write-only. 
    setter - The method used for writing the attribute value. May be null if the attribute 
       is read-only. 
    descriptor - An instance of Descriptor containing the appropriate metadata for this instance 
       of the Attribute. If it is null, then a default descriptor will be 
       created. If the descriptor does not contain the field "displayName" this 
       field is added in the descriptor with its default value. 

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanAttributeInfo(String,String,String,boolean,boolean,boolean)*

public ModelMBeanAttributeInfo(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String type,
  java.lang.String description,
  boolean isReadable,
  boolean isWritable,
  boolean isIs)

Constructs a ModelMBeanAttributeInfo object with a default descriptor. 

    name - The name of the attribute 
    type - The type or class name of the attribute 
    description - A human readable description of the attribute. 
    isReadable - True if the attribute has a getter method, false otherwise. 
    isWritable - True if the attribute has a setter method, false otherwise. 
    isIs - True if the attribute has an "is" getter, false otherwise. 

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanAttributeInfo(String,String,String,boolean,boolean,boolean,Descriptor)*

public ModelMBeanAttributeInfo(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String type,
  java.lang.String description,
  boolean isReadable,
  boolean isWritable,
  boolean isIs,
  javax.management.Descriptor descriptor)

Constructs a ModelMBeanAttributeInfo object with a default descriptor. 

    name - The name of the attribute 
    type - The type or class name of the attribute 
    description - A human readable description of the attribute. 
    isReadable - True if the attribute has a getter method, false otherwise. 
    isWritable - True if the attribute has a setter method, false otherwise. 
    isIs - True if the attribute has an "is" getter, false otherwise. 
    descriptor - An instance of Descriptor containing the appropriate metadata for this instance 
       of the Attribute. If it is null then a default descriptor will be 
       created. If the descriptor does not contain the field "displayName" this 
       field is added in the descriptor with its default value. 

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanAttributeInfo.clone()*

public |java.lang.Object| clone()

Creates and returns a new ModelMBeanAttributeInfo which is a duplicate of this 
ModelMBeanAttributeInfo. 


*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanAttributeInfo.getDescriptor()*

public |javax.management.Descriptor| getDescriptor()

Gets a copy of the associated Descriptor for the ModelMBeanAttributeInfo. 


    Returns: Descriptor associated with the ModelMBeanAttributeInfo object. 
*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanAttributeInfo.setDescriptor(Descriptor)*

public void setDescriptor(javax.management.Descriptor inDescriptor)

Sets associated Descriptor (full replace) for the 
ModelMBeanAttributeDescriptor. If the new Descriptor is null, then the 
associated Descriptor reverts to a default descriptor. The Descriptor is 
validated before it is assigned. If the new Descriptor is invalid, then a 
RuntimeOperationsException wrapping an IllegalArgumentException is thrown. 

    inDescriptor - replaces the Descriptor associated with the ModelMBeanAttributeInfo 

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanAttributeInfo.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a human-readable version of the ModelMBeanAttributeInfo instance. 



