*javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings* *Finishings* Class Finishings is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that 
 identifies whether the printer applies a finishing o

public class Finishings
  extends    |javax.print.attribute.EnumSyntax|
  implements |javax.print.attribute.DocAttribute|
             |javax.print.attribute.PrintRequestAttribute|
             |javax.print.attribute.PrintJobAttribute|

|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_Description|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_Fields|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_Constructors|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_Methods|

====================================================================================================================================================================================

*javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_Fields*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.BIND|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.COVER|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.EDGE_STITCH|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.EDGE_STITCH_BOTTOM|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.EDGE_STITCH_LEFT|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.EDGE_STITCH_RIGHT|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.EDGE_STITCH_TOP|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.NONE|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.SADDLE_STITCH|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.STAPLE|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.STAPLE_BOTTOM_LEFT|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.STAPLE_BOTTOM_RIGHT|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.STAPLE_DUAL_BOTTOM|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.STAPLE_DUAL_LEFT|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.STAPLE_DUAL_RIGHT|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.STAPLE_DUAL_TOP|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.STAPLE_TOP_LEFT|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.STAPLE_TOP_RIGHT|

*javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_Constructors*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings(int)|Construct a new finishings binding enumeration value with the given   integer value.

*javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_Methods*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.getCategory()|Get the printing attribute class which is to be used as the "category"   for this printing attribute value.
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.getEnumValueTable()|Returns the enumeration value table for class Finishings.
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.getName()|Get the name of the category of which this attribute value is an   instance.
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.getOffset()|Returns the lowest integer value used by class Finishings.
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.getStringTable()|Returns the string table for class Finishings.

*javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_Description*

Class Finishings is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that identifies whether the printer applies a finishing operation of some kind of binding to each copy of each 
printed document in the job. For multidoc print jobs (jobs with multiple documents), the MultipleDocumentHandling(|javax.print.attribute.standard.MultipleDocumentHandling|) 
attribute determines what constitutes a "copy" for purposes of finishing. 

Standard Finishings values are: 





<CODE>NONE</CODE>(|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings|) <CODE>STAPLE</CODE>(|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings|) 
<CODE>EDGE_STITCH</CODE>(|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings|) 





<CODE>BIND</CODE>(|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings|) <CODE>SADDLE_STITCH</CODE>(|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings|) 
<CODE>COVER</CODE>(|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings|) 





The following Finishings values are more specific; they indicate a corner or an edge as if the document were a portrait document: 





<CODE>STAPLE_TOP_LEFT</CODE>(|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings|) <CODE>EDGE_STITCH_LEFT</CODE>(|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings|) 
<CODE>STAPLE_DUAL_LEFT</CODE>(|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings|) 







<CODE>STAPLE_BOTTOM_LEFT</CODE>(|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings|) <CODE>EDGE_STITCH_TOP</CODE>(|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings|) 
<CODE>STAPLE_DUAL_TOP</CODE>(|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings|) 







<CODE>STAPLE_TOP_RIGHT</CODE>(|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings|) <CODE>EDGE_STITCH_RIGHT</CODE>(|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings|) 
<CODE>STAPLE_DUAL_RIGHT</CODE>(|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings|) 







<CODE>STAPLE_BOTTOM_RIGHT</CODE>(|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings|) <CODE>EDGE_STITCH_BOTTOM</CODE>(|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings|) 
<CODE>STAPLE_DUAL_BOTTOM</CODE>(|javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings|) 





The STAPLE_XXX values are specified with respect to the document as if the document were a portrait document. If the document is actually a landscape or a reverse-landscape 
document, the client supplies the appropriate transformed value. For example, to position a staple in the upper left hand corner of a landscape document when held for reading, the 
client supplies the STAPLE_BOTTOM_LEFT value (since landscape is defined as a +90 degree rotation from portrait, i.e., anti-clockwise). On the other hand, to position a staple in 
the upper left hand corner of a reverse-landscape document when held for reading, the client supplies the STAPLE_TOP_RIGHT value (since reverse-landscape is defined as a -90 
degree rotation from portrait, i.e., clockwise). 

The angle (vertical, horizontal, angled) of each staple with respect to the document depends on the implementation which may in turn depend on the value of the attribute. 

The effect of a Finishings attribute on a multidoc print job (a job with multiple documents) depends on whether all the docs have the same binding specified or whether different 
docs have different bindings specified, and on the (perhaps defaulted) value of the MultipleDocumentHandling(|javax.print.attribute.standard.MultipleDocumentHandling|) attribute. 

If all the docs have the same binding specified, then any value of MultipleDocumentHandling(|javax.print.attribute.standard.MultipleDocumentHandling|) makes sense, and the 
printer's processing depends on the MultipleDocumentHandling(|javax.print.attribute.standard.MultipleDocumentHandling|) value: 

SINGLE_DOCUMENT -- All the input docs will be bound together as one output document with the specified binding. 

SINGLE_DOCUMENT_NEW_SHEET -- All the input docs will be bound together as one output document with the specified binding, and the first impression of each input doc will always 
start on a new media sheet. 

SEPARATE_DOCUMENTS_UNCOLLATED_COPIES -- Each input doc will be bound separately with the specified binding. 

SEPARATE_DOCUMENTS_COLLATED_COPIES -- Each input doc will be bound separately with the specified binding. 



If different docs have different bindings specified, then only two values of MultipleDocumentHandling(|javax.print.attribute.standard.MultipleDocumentHandling|) make sense, and 
the printer reports an error when the job is submitted if any other value is specified: 

SEPARATE_DOCUMENTS_UNCOLLATED_COPIES -- Each input doc will be bound separately with its own specified binding. 

SEPARATE_DOCUMENTS_COLLATED_COPIES -- Each input doc will be bound separately with its own specified binding. 



IPP Compatibility: Class Finishings encapsulates some of the IPP enum values that can be included in an IPP "finishings" attribute, which is a set of enums. The category name 
returned by getName() is the IPP attribute name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() method returns the IPP string representation of the 
attribute value. In IPP Finishings is a multi-value attribute, this API currently allows only one binding to be specified. 



*javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.BIND*

This value indicates that a binding is to be applied to the document; the type and placement of the binding is site-defined. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.COVER*

This value is specified when it is desired to select a non-printed (or pre-printed) cover for the document. This does not supplant the specification of a printed cover (on cover 
stock medium) by the document itself. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.EDGE_STITCH*

Bind the document(s) with one or more staples (wire stitches) along one edge. The exact number and placement of the staples is implementation- and/or site- defined. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.EDGE_STITCH_BOTTOM*

Bind the document(s) with one or more staples (wire stitches) along the bottom edge. The exact number and placement of the staples is implementation- and/or site-defined. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.EDGE_STITCH_LEFT*

Bind the document(s) with one or more staples (wire stitches) along the left edge. The exact number and placement of the staples is implementation- and/or site-defined. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.EDGE_STITCH_RIGHT*

Bind the document(s) with one or more staples (wire stitches) along the right edge. The exact number and placement of the staples is implementation- and/or site-defined. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.EDGE_STITCH_TOP*

Bind the document(s) with one or more staples (wire stitches) along the top edge. The exact number and placement of the staples is implementation- and/or site-defined. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.NONE*

Perform no binding. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.SADDLE_STITCH*

Bind the document(s) with one or more staples (wire stitches) along the middle fold. The exact number and placement of the staples and the middle fold is implementation- and/or 
site-defined. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.STAPLE*

Bind the document(s) with one or more staples. The exact number and placement of the staples is site-defined. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.STAPLE_BOTTOM_LEFT*

Bind the document(s) with one or more staples in the bottom left corner. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.STAPLE_BOTTOM_RIGHT*

Bind the document(s) with one or more staples in the bottom right corner. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.STAPLE_DUAL_BOTTOM*

Bind the document(s) with two staples (wire stitches) along the bottom edge assuming a portrait document (see above). 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.STAPLE_DUAL_LEFT*

Bind the document(s) with two staples (wire stitches) along the left edge assuming a portrait document (see above). 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.STAPLE_DUAL_RIGHT*

Bind the document(s) with two staples (wire stitches) along the right edge assuming a portrait document (see above). 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.STAPLE_DUAL_TOP*

Bind the document(s) with two staples (wire stitches) along the top edge assuming a portrait document (see above). 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.STAPLE_TOP_LEFT*

Bind the document(s) with one or more staples in the top left corner. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings_javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.STAPLE_TOP_RIGHT*

Bind the document(s) with one or more staples in the top right corner. 



*javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings(int)*

protected Finishings(int value)

Construct a new finishings binding enumeration value with the given integer value. 

    value - Integer value. 

*javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.getCategory()*

public final |java.lang.Class|<? extends javax.print.attribute.Attribute> getCategory()

Get the printing attribute class which is to be used as the "category" for this printing attribute value. 

For class Finishings and any vendor-defined subclasses, the category is class Finishings itself. 



    Returns: Printing attribute class (category), an instance of class {@link java.lang.Class java.lang.Class}. 

*javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.getEnumValueTable()*

protected |javax.print.attribute.EnumSyntax|[] getEnumValueTable()

Returns the enumeration value table for class Finishings. 



*javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.getName()*

public final |java.lang.String| getName()

Get the name of the category of which this attribute value is an instance. 

For class Finishings and any vendor-defined subclasses, the category name is "finishings". 



    Returns: Attribute category name. 

*javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.getOffset()*

protected int getOffset()

Returns the lowest integer value used by class Finishings. 



*javax.print.attribute.standard.Finishings.getStringTable()*

protected |java.lang.String|[] getStringTable()

Returns the string table for class Finishings. 




