*javax.sound.sampled.spi.AudioFileReader* *AudioFileReader* Provider for audio f

public abstract class AudioFileReader
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|javax.sound.sampled.spi.AudioFileReader_Description|
|javax.sound.sampled.spi.AudioFileReader_Fields|
|javax.sound.sampled.spi.AudioFileReader_Constructors|
|javax.sound.sampled.spi.AudioFileReader_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.sound.sampled.spi.AudioFileReader_Constructors*
|javax.sound.sampled.spi.AudioFileReader()|

*javax.sound.sampled.spi.AudioFileReader_Methods*
|javax.sound.sampled.spi.AudioFileReader.getAudioFileFormat(File)|Obtains the a
|javax.sound.sampled.spi.AudioFileReader.getAudioFileFormat(InputStream)|Obtain
|javax.sound.sampled.spi.AudioFileReader.getAudioFileFormat(URL)|Obtains the au
|javax.sound.sampled.spi.AudioFileReader.getAudioInputStream(File)|Obtains an a
|javax.sound.sampled.spi.AudioFileReader.getAudioInputStream(InputStream)|Obtai
|javax.sound.sampled.spi.AudioFileReader.getAudioInputStream(URL)|Obtains an au

*javax.sound.sampled.spi.AudioFileReader_Description*

Provider for audio file reading services. Classes providing concrete 
implementations can parse the format information from one or more types of 
audio file, and can produce audio input streams from files of these types. 


*javax.sound.sampled.spi.AudioFileReader()*

public AudioFileReader()




*javax.sound.sampled.spi.AudioFileReader.getAudioFileFormat(File)*

public abstract |javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat| getAudioFileFormat(java.io.File file)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         |javax.sound.sampled.UnsupportedAudioFileException|
         
Obtains the audio file format of the File provided. The File must point to 
valid audio file data. 

    file - the File from which file format information should be extracted 

    Returns: an AudioFileFormat object describing the audio file format 
*javax.sound.sampled.spi.AudioFileReader.getAudioFileFormat(InputStream)*

public abstract |javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat| getAudioFileFormat(java.io.InputStream stream)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         |javax.sound.sampled.UnsupportedAudioFileException|
         
Obtains the audio file format of the input stream provided. The stream must 
point to valid audio file data. In general, audio file readers may need to read 
some data from the stream before determining whether they support it. These 
parsers must be able to mark the stream, read enough data to determine whether 
they support the stream, and, if not, reset the stream's read pointer to its 
original position. If the input stream does not support this, this method may 
fail with an IOException. 

    stream - the input stream from which file format information should be extracted 

    Returns: an AudioFileFormat object describing the audio file format 
*javax.sound.sampled.spi.AudioFileReader.getAudioFileFormat(URL)*

public abstract |javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat| getAudioFileFormat(java.net.URL url)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         |javax.sound.sampled.UnsupportedAudioFileException|
         
Obtains the audio file format of the URL provided. The URL must point to valid 
audio file data. 

    url - the URL from which file format information should be extracted 

    Returns: an AudioFileFormat object describing the audio file format 
*javax.sound.sampled.spi.AudioFileReader.getAudioInputStream(File)*

public abstract |javax.sound.sampled.AudioInputStream| getAudioInputStream(java.io.File file)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         |javax.sound.sampled.UnsupportedAudioFileException|
         
Obtains an audio input stream from the File provided. The File must point to 
valid audio file data. 

    file - the File for which the AudioInputStream should be constructed 

    Returns: an AudioInputStream object based on the audio file data pointed to by the File 
*javax.sound.sampled.spi.AudioFileReader.getAudioInputStream(InputStream)*

public abstract |javax.sound.sampled.AudioInputStream| getAudioInputStream(java.io.InputStream stream)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         |javax.sound.sampled.UnsupportedAudioFileException|
         
Obtains an audio input stream from the input stream provided. The stream must 
point to valid audio file data. In general, audio file readers may need to read 
some data from the stream before determining whether they support it. These 
parsers must be able to mark the stream, read enough data to determine whether 
they support the stream, and, if not, reset the stream's read pointer to its 
original position. If the input stream does not support this, this method may 
fail with an IOException. 

    stream - the input stream from which the AudioInputStream should be constructed 

    Returns: an AudioInputStream object based on the audio file data contained in the input 
             stream. 
*javax.sound.sampled.spi.AudioFileReader.getAudioInputStream(URL)*

public abstract |javax.sound.sampled.AudioInputStream| getAudioInputStream(java.net.URL url)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         |javax.sound.sampled.UnsupportedAudioFileException|
         
Obtains an audio input stream from the URL provided. The URL must point to 
valid audio file data. 

    url - the URL for which the AudioInputStream should be constructed 

    Returns: an AudioInputStream object based on the audio file data pointed to by the URL 

