*javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo* *MBeanOperationInfo* Describes a managemen

public class MBeanOperationInfo
  extends    |javax.management.MBeanFeatureInfo|
  implements |java.io.Serializable|
             |java.lang.Cloneable|

|javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo_Description|
|javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo_Fields|
|javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo_Constructors|
|javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo_Fields*
|int_javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo.ACTION|
|int_javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo.ACTION_INFO|
|int_javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo.INFO|
|int_javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo.UNKNOWN|

*javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo_Constructors*
|javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo(String,Method)|Constructs an MBeanOperatio
|javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo(String,String,MBeanParameterInfo[],String,int)|

*javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo_Methods*
|javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo.clone()|Returns a shallow clone of this in
|javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo.equals(Object)|Compare this MBeanOperation
|javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo.getImpact()|Returns the impact of the meth
|javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo.getReturnType()|Returns the type of the me
|javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo.getSignature()|Returns the list of paramet
|javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo.hashCode()|

*javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo_Description*

Describes a management operation exposed by an MBean. Instances of this class 
are immutable. Subclasses may be mutable but this is not recommended. 


*int_javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo.ACTION*

Describes a management operation exposed by an MBean. Instances of this class 
are immutable. Subclasses may be mutable but this is not recommended. 


*int_javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo.ACTION_INFO*

Describes a management operation exposed by an MBean. Instances of this class 
are immutable. Subclasses may be mutable but this is not recommended. 


*int_javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo.INFO*

Describes a management operation exposed by an MBean. Instances of this class 
are immutable. Subclasses may be mutable but this is not recommended. 


*int_javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo.UNKNOWN*

Describes a management operation exposed by an MBean. Instances of this class 
are immutable. Subclasses may be mutable but this is not recommended. 



*javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo(String,Method)*

public MBeanOperationInfo(
  java.lang.String description,
  java.lang.reflect.Method method)
  throws |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         
Constructs an MBeanOperationInfo object. 

    method - The java.lang.reflect.Method object describing the MBean operation. 
    description - A human readable description of the operation. 

*javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo(String,String,MBeanParameterInfo[],String,int)*

public MBeanOperationInfo(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String description,
  javax.management.MBeanParameterInfo[] signature,
  java.lang.String type,
  int impact)
  throws |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         
Constructs an MBeanOperationInfo object. 

    name - The name of the method. 
    description - A human readable description of the operation. 
    signature - MBeanParameterInfo objects describing the parameters(arguments) of the method. 
       This may be null with the same effect as a zero-length array. 
    type - The type of the method's return value. 
    impact - The impact of the method, one of INFO, ACTION, ACTION_INFO, UNKNOWN. 

*javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo.clone()*

public |java.lang.Object| clone()

Returns a shallow clone of this instance. The clone is obtained by simply 
calling super.clone(), thus calling the default native shallow cloning 
mechanism implemented by Object.clone(). No deeper cloning of any internal 
field is made. 

Since this class is immutable, cloning is chiefly of interest to subclasses. 


*javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object o)

Compare this MBeanOperationInfo to another. 

    o - the object to compare to. 

    Returns: true iff o is an MBeanOperationInfo such that its {@link #getName()}, {@link 
             #getReturnType()}, {@link #getDescription()}, {@link 
             #getImpact()}, and {@link #getSignature()} values are equal (not 
             necessarily identical) to those of this MBeanConstructorInfo. Two 
             signature arrays are equal if their elements are pairwise equal. 
*javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo.getImpact()*

public int getImpact()

Returns the impact of the method, one of INFO, ACTION, ACTION_INFO, UNKNOWN. 


    Returns: the impact code. 
*javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo.getReturnType()*

public |java.lang.String| getReturnType()

Returns the type of the method's return value. 


    Returns: the return type. 
*javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo.getSignature()*

public |javax.management.MBeanParameterInfo| getSignature()

Returns the list of parameters for this operation. Each parameter is described 
by an MBeanParameterInfo object. 

The returned array is a shallow copy of the internal array, which means that it 
is a copy of the internal array of references to the MBeanParameterInfo objects 
but that each referenced MBeanParameterInfo object is not copied. 


    Returns: An array of MBeanParameterInfo objects. 
*javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()





