*javax.management.AttributeList* *AttributeList* Represents a list of values for

public class AttributeList
  extends    |java.util.ArrayList|

|javax.management.AttributeList_Description|
|javax.management.AttributeList_Fields|
|javax.management.AttributeList_Constructors|
|javax.management.AttributeList_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.management.AttributeList_Constructors*
|javax.management.AttributeList()|Constructs an empty AttributeList.
|javax.management.AttributeList(AttributeList)|Constructs an AttributeList cont
|javax.management.AttributeList(int)|Constructs an empty AttributeList with the

*javax.management.AttributeList_Methods*
|javax.management.AttributeList.add(Attribute)|Adds the Attribute specified as 
|javax.management.AttributeList.add(int,Attribute)|Inserts the attribute specif
|javax.management.AttributeList.addAll(AttributeList)|Appends all the elements 
|javax.management.AttributeList.addAll(int,AttributeList)|Inserts all of the el
|javax.management.AttributeList.set(int,Attribute)|Sets the element at the posi

*javax.management.AttributeList_Description*

Represents a list of values for attributes of an MBean. The methods used for 
the insertion of Attribute(|javax.management.Attribute|) objects in the 
AttributeList overrides the corresponding methods in the superclass ArrayList. 
This is needed in order to insure that the objects contained in the 
AttributeList are only Attribute objects. This avoids getting an exception when 
retrieving elements from the AttributeList. 


*javax.management.AttributeList()*

public AttributeList()

Constructs an empty AttributeList. 


*javax.management.AttributeList(AttributeList)*

public AttributeList(javax.management.AttributeList list)

Constructs an AttributeList containing the elements of the AttributeList 
specified, in the order in which they are returned by the AttributeList's 
iterator. The AttributeList instance has an initial capacity of 110% of the 
size of the AttributeList specified. 

    list - the AttributeList that defines the initial contents of the new AttributeList. 

*javax.management.AttributeList(int)*

public AttributeList(int initialCapacity)

Constructs an empty AttributeList with the initial capacity specified. 

    initialCapacity - the initial capacity of the AttributeList, as specified by {@link 
       ArrayList#ArrayList(int)}. 

*javax.management.AttributeList.add(Attribute)*

public void add(javax.management.Attribute object)

Adds the Attribute specified as the last element of the list. 

    object - The attribute to be added. 

*javax.management.AttributeList.add(int,Attribute)*

public void add(
  int index,
  javax.management.Attribute object)

Inserts the attribute specified as an element at the position specified. 
Elements with an index greater than or equal to the current position are 
shifted up. If the index is out of range (index size() a 
RuntimeOperationsException should be raised, wrapping the 
java.lang.IndexOutOfBoundsException thrown. 

    object - The Attribute object to be inserted. 
    index - The position in the list where the new Attribute object is to be inserted. 

*javax.management.AttributeList.addAll(AttributeList)*

public boolean addAll(javax.management.AttributeList list)

Appends all the elements in the AttributeList specified to the end of the list, 
in the order in which they are returned by the Iterator of the AttributeList 
specified. 

    list - Elements to be inserted into the list. 

    Returns: true if this list changed as a result of the call. 
*javax.management.AttributeList.addAll(int,AttributeList)*

public boolean addAll(
  int index,
  javax.management.AttributeList list)

Inserts all of the elements in the AttributeList specified into this list, 
starting at the specified position, in the order in which they are returned by 
the Iterator of the AttributeList specified. If the index is out of range 
(index size() a RuntimeOperationsException should be raised, wrapping the 
java.lang.IndexOutOfBoundsException thrown. 

    list - Elements to be inserted into the list. 
    index - Position at which to insert the first element from the AttributeList specified. 

    Returns: true if this list changed as a result of the call. 
*javax.management.AttributeList.set(int,Attribute)*

public void set(
  int index,
  javax.management.Attribute object)

Sets the element at the position specified to be the attribute specified. The 
previous element at that position is discarded. If the index is out of range 
(index size() a RuntimeOperationsException should be raised, wrapping the 
java.lang.IndexOutOfBoundsException thrown. 

    object - The value to which the attribute element should be set. 
    index - The position specified. 


