*javax.management.MBeanInfo* *MBeanInfo* Describes the management interface expo

public class MBeanInfo
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |java.lang.Cloneable|
             |java.io.Serializable|

|javax.management.MBeanInfo_Description|
|javax.management.MBeanInfo_Fields|
|javax.management.MBeanInfo_Constructors|
|javax.management.MBeanInfo_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.management.MBeanInfo_Constructors*
|javax.management.MBeanInfo(String,String,MBeanAttributeInfo[],MBeanConstructorInfo[],MBeanOperationInfo[],MBeanNotificationInfo[])|

*javax.management.MBeanInfo_Methods*
|javax.management.MBeanInfo.clone()|Returns a shallow clone of this instance.
|javax.management.MBeanInfo.equals(Object)|Compare this MBeanInfo to another.
|javax.management.MBeanInfo.getAttributes()|Returns the list of attributes expo
|javax.management.MBeanInfo.getClassName()|Returns the name of the Java class o
|javax.management.MBeanInfo.getConstructors()|Returns the list of the public co
|javax.management.MBeanInfo.getDescription()|Returns a human readable descripti
|javax.management.MBeanInfo.getNotifications()|Returns the list of the notifica
|javax.management.MBeanInfo.getOperations()|Returns the list of operations  of 
|javax.management.MBeanInfo.hashCode()|

*javax.management.MBeanInfo_Description*

Describes the management interface exposed by an MBean; that is, the set of 
attributes and operations which are available for management operations. 
Instances of this class are immutable. Subclasses may be mutable but this is 
not recommended. 

The contents of the MBeanInfo for a Dynamic MBean are determined by its 
getMBeanInfo()(|javax.management.DynamicMBean|) method. This includes Open 
MBeans and Model MBeans, which are kinds of Dynamic MBeans. 

The contents of the MBeanInfo for a Standard MBean are determined by the MBean 
server as follows: 



(|javax.management.MBeanInfo|) returns the Java class name of the MBean object; 

(|javax.management.MBeanInfo|) returns the list of all public constructors in 
that object; 

(|javax.management.MBeanInfo|) returns the list of all attributes whose 
existence is deduced from the presence in the MBean interface of a getName, 
isName, or setName method that conforms to the conventions for Standard MBeans; 

(|javax.management.MBeanInfo|) returns the list of all methods in the MBean 
interface that do not represent attributes; 

(|javax.management.MBeanInfo|) returns an empty array if the MBean does not 
implement the (|javax.management.NotificationBroadcaster|) interface, otherwise 
the result of calling (|javax.management.NotificationBroadcaster|) on it. 



The remaining details of the MBeanInfo for a Standard MBean are not specified. 
This includes the description of the MBeanInfo and of any contained 
constructors, attributes, operations, and notifications; and the names and 
descriptions of parameters to constructors and operations. 


*javax.management.MBeanInfo(String,String,MBeanAttributeInfo[],MBeanConstructorInfo[],MBeanOperationInfo[],MBeanNotificationInfo[])*

public MBeanInfo(
  java.lang.String className,
  java.lang.String description,
  javax.management.MBeanAttributeInfo[] attributes,
  javax.management.MBeanConstructorInfo[] constructors,
  javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo[] operations,
  javax.management.MBeanNotificationInfo[] notifications)
  throws |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         
Constructs an MBeanInfo. 

    className - The name of the Java class of the MBean described by this MBeanInfo. This value 
       may be any syntactically legal Java class name. It does not have to be a 
       Java class known to the MBean server or to the MBean's ClassLoader. If 
       it is a Java class known to the MBean's ClassLoader, it is recommended 
       but not required that the class's public methods include those that 
       would appear in a Standard MBean implementing the attributes and 
       operations in this MBeanInfo. 
    description - A human readable description of the MBean (optional). 
    attributes - The list of exposed attributes of the MBean. This may be null with the same 
       effect as a zero-length array. 
    constructors - The list of public constructors of the MBean. This may be null with the same 
       effect as a zero-length array. 
    operations - The list of operations of the MBean. This may be null with the same effect as a 
       zero-length array. 
    notifications - The list of notifications emitted. This may be null with the same effect as a 
       zero-length array. 

*javax.management.MBeanInfo.clone()*

public |java.lang.Object| clone()

Returns a shallow clone of this instance. The clone is obtained by simply 
calling super.clone(), thus calling the default native shallow cloning 
mechanism implemented by Object.clone(). No deeper cloning of any internal 
field is made. 

Since this class is immutable, the clone method is chiefly of interest to 
subclasses. 


*javax.management.MBeanInfo.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object o)

Compare this MBeanInfo to another. Two MBeanInfo objects are equal iff they 
return equal values for (|javax.management.MBeanInfo|) and for 
(|javax.management.MBeanInfo|) , and the arrays returned by the two objects for 
(|javax.management.MBeanInfo|) , (|javax.management.MBeanInfo|) , 
(|javax.management.MBeanInfo|) , and (|javax.management.MBeanInfo|) are 
pairwise equal. Here "equal" means (|java.lang.Object|) , not identity. 

If two MBeanInfo objects return the same values in one of their arrays but in a 
different order then they are not equal. 

    o - the object to compare to. 

    Returns: true iff o is an MBeanInfo that is equal to this one according to the rules 
             above. 
*javax.management.MBeanInfo.getAttributes()*

public |javax.management.MBeanAttributeInfo| getAttributes()

Returns the list of attributes exposed for management. Each attribute is 
described by an MBeanAttributeInfo object. 

The returned array is a shallow copy of the internal array, which means that it 
is a copy of the internal array of references to the MBeanAttributeInfo objects 
but that each referenced MBeanAttributeInfo object is not copied. 


    Returns: An array of MBeanAttributeInfo objects. 
*javax.management.MBeanInfo.getClassName()*

public |java.lang.String| getClassName()

Returns the name of the Java class of the MBean described by this MBeanInfo. 


    Returns: the class name. 
*javax.management.MBeanInfo.getConstructors()*

public |javax.management.MBeanConstructorInfo| getConstructors()

Returns the list of the public constructors of the MBean. Each constructor is 
described by an MBeanConstructorInfo object. 

The returned array is a shallow copy of the internal array, which means that it 
is a copy of the internal array of references to the MBeanConstructorInfo 
objects but that each referenced MBeanConstructorInfo object is not copied. 

The returned list is not necessarily exhaustive. That is, the MBean may have a 
public constructor that is not in the list. In this case, the MBean server can 
construct another instance of this MBean's class using that constructor, even 
though it is not listed here. 


    Returns: An array of MBeanConstructorInfo objects. 
*javax.management.MBeanInfo.getDescription()*

public |java.lang.String| getDescription()

Returns a human readable description of the MBean. 


    Returns: the description. 
*javax.management.MBeanInfo.getNotifications()*

public |javax.management.MBeanNotificationInfo| getNotifications()

Returns the list of the notifications emitted by the MBean. Each notification 
is described by an MBeanNotificationInfo object. 

The returned array is a shallow copy of the internal array, which means that it 
is a copy of the internal array of references to the MBeanNotificationInfo 
objects but that each referenced MBeanNotificationInfo object is not copied. 


    Returns: An array of MBeanNotificationInfo objects. 
*javax.management.MBeanInfo.getOperations()*

public |javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo| getOperations()

Returns the list of operations of the MBean. Each operation is described by an 
MBeanOperationInfo object. 

The returned array is a shallow copy of the internal array, which means that it 
is a copy of the internal array of references to the MBeanOperationInfo objects 
but that each referenced MBeanOperationInfo object is not copied. 


    Returns: An array of MBeanOperationInfo objects. 
*javax.management.MBeanInfo.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()





