*javax.management.relation.Relation* *Relation* This interface has to be impleme

public interface interface Relation


|javax.management.relation.Relation_Description|
|javax.management.relation.Relation_Fields|
|javax.management.relation.Relation_Constructors|
|javax.management.relation.Relation_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.management.relation.Relation_Methods*
|javax.management.relation.Relation.getAllRoles()|Returns all roles present in 
|javax.management.relation.Relation.getReferencedMBeans()|Retrieves MBeans refe
|javax.management.relation.Relation.getRelationId()|Returns relation identifier
|javax.management.relation.Relation.getRelationServiceName()|Returns ObjectName
|javax.management.relation.Relation.getRelationTypeName()|Returns name of assoc
|javax.management.relation.Relation.getRole(String)|Retrieves role value for gi
|javax.management.relation.Relation.getRoleCardinality(String)|Returns the numb
|javax.management.relation.Relation.getRoles(String[])|Retrieves values of role
|javax.management.relation.Relation.handleMBeanUnregistration(ObjectName,String)|
|javax.management.relation.Relation.retrieveAllRoles()|Returns all roles in the
|javax.management.relation.Relation.setRole(Role)|Sets the given role.
|javax.management.relation.Relation.setRoles(RoleList)|Sets the given roles.

*javax.management.relation.Relation_Description*

This interface has to be implemented by any MBean class expected to represent a 
relation managed using the Relation Service. Simple relations, i.e. having only 
roles, no properties or methods, can be created directly by the Relation 
Service (represented as RelationSupport objects, internally handled by the 
Relation Service). If the user wants to represent more complex relations, 
involving properties and/or methods, he has to provide his own class 
implementing the Relation interface. This can be achieved either by inheriting 
from RelationSupport class, or by implementing the interface (fully or 
delegation to a RelationSupport object member). Specifying such user relation 
class is to introduce properties and/or methods. Those have to be exposed for 
remote management. So this means that any user relation class must be a MBean 
class. 


*javax.management.relation.Relation.getAllRoles()*

public |javax.management.relation.RoleResult| getAllRoles()
  throws |javax.management.relation.RelationServiceNotRegisteredException|
         
Returns all roles present in the relation. 


    Returns: a RoleResult object, including a RoleList (for roles successfully retrieved) 
             and a RoleUnresolvedList (for roles not readable). 
*javax.management.relation.Relation.getReferencedMBeans()*

public |java.util.Map| getReferencedMBeans()

Retrieves MBeans referenced in the various roles of the relation. 


    Returns: a HashMap mapping: ObjectName -> ArrayList of String (role names) 
*javax.management.relation.Relation.getRelationId()*

public |java.lang.String| getRelationId()

Returns relation identifier (used to uniquely identify the relation inside the 
Relation Service). 


    Returns: the relation id. 
*javax.management.relation.Relation.getRelationServiceName()*

public |javax.management.ObjectName| getRelationServiceName()

Returns ObjectName of the Relation Service handling the relation. 


    Returns: the ObjectName of the Relation Service. 
*javax.management.relation.Relation.getRelationTypeName()*

public |java.lang.String| getRelationTypeName()

Returns name of associated relation type. 


    Returns: the name of the relation type. 
*javax.management.relation.Relation.getRole(String)*

public |java.util.List| getRole(java.lang.String theRoleName)
  throws |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         |javax.management.relation.RelationServiceNotRegisteredException|
         |javax.management.relation.RoleNotFoundException|
         
Retrieves role value for given role name. Checks if the role exists and is 
readable according to the relation type. 

    theRoleName - name of role 

    Returns: the ArrayList of ObjectName objects being the role value 
*javax.management.relation.Relation.getRoleCardinality(String)*

public |java.lang.Integer| getRoleCardinality(java.lang.String theRoleName)
  throws |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         |javax.management.relation.RoleNotFoundException|
         
Returns the number of MBeans currently referenced in the given role. 

    theRoleName - name of role 

    Returns: the number of currently referenced MBeans in that role 
*javax.management.relation.Relation.getRoles(String[])*

public |javax.management.relation.RoleResult| getRoles(java.lang.String[] theRoleNameArray)
  throws |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         |javax.management.relation.RelationServiceNotRegisteredException|
         
Retrieves values of roles with given names. Checks for each role if it exists 
and is readable according to the relation type. 

    theRoleNameArray - array of names of roles to be retrieved 

    Returns: a RoleResult object, including a RoleList (for roles successfully retrieved) 
             and a RoleUnresolvedList (for roles not retrieved). 
*javax.management.relation.Relation.handleMBeanUnregistration(ObjectName,String)*

public void handleMBeanUnregistration(
  javax.management.ObjectName theObjName,
  java.lang.String theRoleName)
  throws |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         |javax.management.relation.InvalidRoleValueException|
         |javax.management.relation.RelationNotFoundException|
         |javax.management.relation.RelationServiceNotRegisteredException|
         |javax.management.relation.RelationTypeNotFoundException|
         |javax.management.relation.RoleNotFoundException|
         
Callback used by the Relation Service when a MBean referenced in a role is 
unregistered. The Relation Service will call this method to let the relation 
take action to reflect the impact of such unregistration. BEWARE. the user is 
not expected to call this method. Current implementation is to set the role 
with its current value (list of ObjectNames of referenced MBeans) without the 
unregistered one. 

    theObjName - ObjectName of unregistered MBean 
    theRoleName - name of role where the MBean is referenced 

*javax.management.relation.Relation.retrieveAllRoles()*

public |javax.management.relation.RoleList| retrieveAllRoles()

Returns all roles in the relation without checking read mode. 


    Returns: 
*javax.management.relation.Relation.setRole(Role)*

public void setRole(javax.management.relation.Role theRole)
  throws |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         |javax.management.relation.InvalidRoleValueException|
         |javax.management.relation.RelationNotFoundException|
         |javax.management.relation.RelationServiceNotRegisteredException|
         |javax.management.relation.RelationTypeNotFoundException|
         |javax.management.relation.RoleNotFoundException|
         
Sets the given role. Will check the role according to its corresponding role 
definition provided in relation's relation type Will send a notification 
(RelationNotification with type RELATION_BASIC_UPDATE or RELATION_MBEAN_UPDATE, 
depending if the relation is a MBean or not). 

    theRole - role to be set (name and new value) 

*javax.management.relation.Relation.setRoles(RoleList)*

public |javax.management.relation.RoleResult| setRoles(javax.management.relation.RoleList theRoleList)
  throws |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         |javax.management.relation.RelationNotFoundException|
         |javax.management.relation.RelationServiceNotRegisteredException|
         |javax.management.relation.RelationTypeNotFoundException|
         
Sets the given roles. Will check the role according to its corresponding role 
definition provided in relation's relation type Will send one notification 
(RelationNotification with type RELATION_BASIC_UPDATE or RELATION_MBEAN_UPDATE, 
depending if the relation is a MBean or not) per updated role. 

    theRoleList - list of roles to be set 

    Returns: a RoleResult object, including a RoleList (for roles successfully set) and a 
             RoleUnresolvedList (for roles not set). 

