*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport* *OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport* 

public class OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport
  extends    |javax.management.MBeanParameterInfo|
  implements |javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfo|
             |java.io.Serializable|

|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport_Description|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport_Fields|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport_Constructors|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport_Constructors*
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport(String,String,OpenType)|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport(String,String,OpenType,Object)|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport(String,String,OpenType,Object,Comparable,Comparable)|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport(String,String,OpenType,Object,Object[])|

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport_Methods*
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport.equals(Object)|Compar
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport.getDefaultValue()|Ret
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport.getLegalValues()|Retu
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport.getMaxValue()|Returns
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport.getMinValue()|Returns
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport.getOpenType()|Returns
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport.hasDefaultValue()|Ret
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport.hashCode()|Returns th
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport.hasLegalValues()|Retu
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport.hasMaxValue()|Returns
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport.hasMinValue()|Returns
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport.isValue(Object)|Tests
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport.toString()|Returns a 

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport_Description*

Describes a parameter used in one or more operations or constructors of an open 
MBean. 


*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport(String,String,OpenType)*

public OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String description,
  javax.management.openmbean.OpenType openType)

Constructs an OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport instance, which describes the 
parameter used in one or more operations or constructors of a class of open 
MBeans, with the specified name, openType and description. 

    name - cannot be a null or empty string. 
    description - cannot be a null or empty string. 
    openType - cannot be null. 

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport(String,String,OpenType,Object)*

public OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String description,
  javax.management.openmbean.OpenType openType,
  java.lang.Object defaultValue)
  throws |javax.management.openmbean.OpenDataException|
         
Constructs an OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport instance, which describes the 
parameter used in one or more operations or constructors of a class of open 
MBeans, with the specified name, openType, description and defaultValue. 

    name - cannot be a null or empty string. 
    description - cannot be a null or empty string. 
    openType - cannot be null. 
    defaultValue - must be a valid value for the openType specified for this parameter; default 
       value not supported for ArrayType and TabularType; can be null, in which 
       case it means that no default value is set. 

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport(String,String,OpenType,Object,Comparable,Comparable)*

public OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String description,
  javax.management.openmbean.OpenType openType,
  java.lang.Object defaultValue,
  java.lang.Comparable minValue,
  java.lang.Comparable maxValue)
  throws |javax.management.openmbean.OpenDataException|
         
Constructs an OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport instance, which describes the 
parameter used in one or more operations or constructors of a class of open 
MBeans, with the specified name, openType, description, defaultValue, minValue 
and maxValue. 

It is possible to specify minimal and maximal values only for an open type 
whose values are Comparable. 

    name - cannot be a null or empty string. 
    description - cannot be a null or empty string. 
    openType - cannot be null. 
    defaultValue - must be a valid value for the openType specified for this parameter; default 
       value not supported for ArrayType and TabularType; can be null, in which 
       case it means that no default value is set. 
    minValue - must be valid for the openType specified for this parameter; can be null, in 
       which case it means that no minimal value is set. 
    maxValue - must be valid for the openType specified for this parameter; can be null, in 
       which case it means that no maximal value is set. 

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport(String,String,OpenType,Object,Object[])*

public OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String description,
  javax.management.openmbean.OpenType openType,
  java.lang.Object defaultValue,
  java.lang.Object[] legalValues)
  throws |javax.management.openmbean.OpenDataException|
         
Constructs an OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport instance, which describes the 
parameter used in one or more operations or constructors of a class of open 
MBeans, with the specified name, openType, description, defaultValue and 
legalValues. 

The contents of legalValues are internally dumped into an unmodifiable Set, so 
subsequent modifications of the array referenced by legalValues have no impact 
on this OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport instance. 

    name - cannot be a null or empty string. 
    description - cannot be a null or empty string. 
    openType - cannot be null. 
    defaultValue - must be a valid value for the openType specified for this parameter; default 
       value not supported for ArrayType and TabularType; can be null, in which 
       case it means that no default value is set. 
    legalValues - each contained value must be valid for the openType specified for this 
       parameter; legal values not supported for ArrayType and TabularType; can 
       be null or empty. 

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object obj)

Compares the specified obj parameter with this OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport 
instance for equality. 

Returns true if and only if all of the following statements are true: 

obj is non null, obj also implements the OpenMBeanParameterInfo interface, 
their names are equal their open types are equal their default, min, max and 
legal values are equal. 

This ensures that this equals method works properly for obj parameters which 
are different implementations of the OpenMBeanParameterInfo interface. 

    obj - the object to be compared for equality with this OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport 
       instance; 

    Returns: true if the specified object is equal to this OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport 
             instance. 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport.getDefaultValue()*

public |java.lang.Object| getDefaultValue()

Returns the default value for the parameter described by this 
OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport instance, if specified, or null otherwise. 


*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport.getLegalValues()*

public |java.util.Set| getLegalValues()

Returns an unmodifiable Set of legal values for the parameter described by this 
OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport instance, if specified, or null otherwise. 


*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport.getMaxValue()*

public |java.lang.Comparable| getMaxValue()

Returns the maximal value for the parameter described by this 
OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport instance, if specified, or null otherwise. 


*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport.getMinValue()*

public |java.lang.Comparable| getMinValue()

Returns the minimal value for the parameter described by this 
OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport instance, if specified, or null otherwise. 


*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport.getOpenType()*

public |javax.management.openmbean.OpenType| getOpenType()

Returns the open type for the values of the parameter described by this 
OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport instance. 


*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport.hasDefaultValue()*

public boolean hasDefaultValue()

Returns true if this OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport instance specifies a 
non-null default value for the described parameter, false otherwise. 


*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()

Returns the hash code value for this OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport instance. 

The hash code of an OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport instance is the sum of the 
hash codes of all elements of information used in equals comparisons (ie: its 
name, its open type, and its default, min, max and legal values). 

This ensures that t1.equals(t2) implies that t1.hashCode()==t2.hashCode() for 
any two OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport instances t1 and t2, as required by the 
general contract of the method Object.hashCode()(|java.lang.Object|) . 

However, note that another instance of a class implementing the 
OpenMBeanParameterInfo interface may be equal to this 
OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport instance as defined by 
(|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport|) , but may have a 
different hash code if it is calculated differently. 

As OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport instances are immutable, the hash code for 
this instance is calculated once, on the first call to hashCode, and then the 
same value is returned for subsequent calls. 


    Returns: the hash code value for this OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport instance 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport.hasLegalValues()*

public boolean hasLegalValues()

Returns true if this OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport instance specifies a 
non-null set of legal values for the described parameter, false otherwise. 


*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport.hasMaxValue()*

public boolean hasMaxValue()

Returns true if this OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport instance specifies a 
non-null maximal value for the described parameter, false otherwise. 


*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport.hasMinValue()*

public boolean hasMinValue()

Returns true if this OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport instance specifies a 
non-null minimal value for the described parameter, false otherwise. 


*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport.isValue(Object)*

public boolean isValue(java.lang.Object obj)

Tests whether obj is a valid value for the parameter described by this 
OpenMBeanParameterInfo instance. 

    obj - the object to be tested. 

    Returns: true if obj is a valid value for the parameter described by this 
             OpenMBeanParameterInfo instance, false otherwise. 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a string representation of this OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport instance. 

The string representation consists of the name of this class (ie 
javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport), the string 
representation of the name and open type of the described parameter, and the 
string representation of its default, min, max and legal values. 

As OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport instances are immutable, the string 
representation for this instance is calculated once, on the first call to 
toString, and then the same value is returned for subsequent calls. 


    Returns: a string representation of this OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport instance 

