*javax.management.openmbean.ArrayType* *ArrayType* The ArrayType class is the op

public class ArrayType
  extends    |javax.management.openmbean.OpenType|
  implements |java.io.Serializable|

|javax.management.openmbean.ArrayType_Description|
|javax.management.openmbean.ArrayType_Fields|
|javax.management.openmbean.ArrayType_Constructors|
|javax.management.openmbean.ArrayType_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.management.openmbean.ArrayType_Constructors*
|javax.management.openmbean.ArrayType(int,OpenType)|Constructs an ArrayType ins

*javax.management.openmbean.ArrayType_Methods*
|javax.management.openmbean.ArrayType.equals(Object)|Compares the specified obj
|javax.management.openmbean.ArrayType.getDimension()|Returns the dimension of a
|javax.management.openmbean.ArrayType.getElementOpenType()|Returns the open typ
|javax.management.openmbean.ArrayType.hashCode()|Returns the hash code value fo
|javax.management.openmbean.ArrayType.isValue(Object)|Tests whether obj is a va
|javax.management.openmbean.ArrayType.toString()|Returns a string representatio

*javax.management.openmbean.ArrayType_Description*

The ArrayType class is the open type class whose instances describe all open 
data values which are n-dimensional arrays of open data values. 


*javax.management.openmbean.ArrayType(int,OpenType)*

public ArrayType(
  int dimension,
  javax.management.openmbean.OpenType elementType)
  throws |javax.management.openmbean.OpenDataException|
         
Constructs an ArrayType instance describing open data values which are arrays 
with dimension dimension of elements whose open type is elementType. 

When invoked on an ArrayType instance, the 
getClassName(|javax.management.openmbean.OpenType|) method returns the class 
name of the array instances it describes (following the rules defined by the 
getName(|java.lang.Class|) method of java.lang.Class), not the class name of 
the array elements (which is returned by a call to 
getElementOpenType().getClassName()). 

The internal field corresponding to the type name of this ArrayType instance is 
also set to the class name of the array instances it describes. In other words, 
the methods getClassName and getTypeName return the same string value. The 
internal field corresponding to the description of this ArrayType instance is 
set to a string value which follows the following template: 
<dimension>-dimension array of <element_class_name> 

As an example, the following piece of code: 

ArrayType t = new ArrayType(3, SimpleType.STRING); System.out.println("array 
class name = "+ t.getClassName()); System.out.println("element class name = "+ 
t.getElementOpenType().getClassName()); System.out.println("array type name = 
"+ t.getTypeName()); System.out.println("array type description = "+ 
t.getDescription()); 

would produce the following output: 

array class name = [[[java.lang.String; element class name = java.lang.String 
array type name = [[[java.lang.String; array type description = 3-dimension 
array of java.lang.String 

    dimension - the dimension of arrays described by this ArrayType instance; must be greater 
       than or equal to 1. 
    elementType - the open type of element values contained in the arrays described by this 
       ArrayType instance; must be an instance of either SimpleType, 
       CompositeType or TabularType. 

*javax.management.openmbean.ArrayType.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object obj)

Compares the specified obj parameter with this ArrayType instance for equality. 

Two ArrayType instances are equal if and only if they describes array instances 
which have the same dimension and elements' open type. 

    obj - the object to be compared for equality with this ArrayType instance; if obj is 
       null or is not an instance of the class ArrayType, equals returns false. 

    Returns: true if the specified object is equal to this ArrayType instance. 
*javax.management.openmbean.ArrayType.getDimension()*

public int getDimension()

Returns the dimension of arrays described by this ArrayType instance. 


    Returns: the dimension. 
*javax.management.openmbean.ArrayType.getElementOpenType()*

public |javax.management.openmbean.OpenType| getElementOpenType()

Returns the open type of element values contained in the arrays described by 
this ArrayType instance. 


    Returns: the element type. 
*javax.management.openmbean.ArrayType.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()

Returns the hash code value for this ArrayType instance. 

The hash code of a ArrayType instance is the sum of the hash codes of all 
elements of information used in equals comparisons (ie: dimension and elements' 
type). This ensures that t1.equals(t2) implies that 
t1.hashCode()==t2.hashCode() for any two ArrayType instances t1 and t2, as 
required by the general contract of the method 
Object.hashCode()(|java.lang.Object|) . 

As ArrayType instances are immutable, the hash code for this instance is 
calculated once, on the first call to hashCode, and then the same value is 
returned for subsequent calls. 


    Returns: the hash code value for this ArrayType instance 
*javax.management.openmbean.ArrayType.isValue(Object)*

public boolean isValue(java.lang.Object obj)

Tests whether obj is a value for this ArrayType instance. 

This method returns true if and only if obj is not null, obj is an array and 
any one of the following is true: 

if this ArrayType instance describes an array of SimpleType elements, obj's 
class name is the same as the className field defined for this ArrayType 
instance (ie the class name returned by the 
getClassName(|javax.management.openmbean.OpenType|) method, which includes the 
dimension information), 

if this ArrayType instance describes an array of classes implementing the 
TabularData interface or the CompositeData interface, obj is assignable to such 
a declared array, and each element contained in obj is either null or a valid 
value for the element's open type specified by this ArrayType instance. 



    obj - the object to be tested. 

    Returns: true if obj is a value for this ArrayType instance. 
*javax.management.openmbean.ArrayType.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a string representation of this ArrayType instance. 

The string representation consists of the name of this class (ie 
javax.management.openmbean.ArrayType), the type name, the dimension and 
elements' type defined for this instance, 

As ArrayType instances are immutable, the string representation for this 
instance is calculated once, on the first call to toString, and then the same 
value is returned for subsequent calls. 


    Returns: a string representation of this ArrayType instance 

