*javax.sound.sampled.AudioPermission* *AudioPermission* The AudioPermission clas

public class AudioPermission
  extends    |java.security.BasicPermission|

|javax.sound.sampled.AudioPermission_Description|
|javax.sound.sampled.AudioPermission_Fields|
|javax.sound.sampled.AudioPermission_Constructors|
|javax.sound.sampled.AudioPermission_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.sound.sampled.AudioPermission_Constructors*
|javax.sound.sampled.AudioPermission(String)|Creates a new AudioPermission obje
|javax.sound.sampled.AudioPermission(String,String)|Creates a new AudioPermissi

*javax.sound.sampled.AudioPermission_Description*

The AudioPermission class represents access rights to the audio system 
resources. An AudioPermission contains a target name but no actions list; you 
either have the named permission or you don't. 

The target name is the name of the audio permission (see the table below). The 
names follow the hierarchical property-naming convention. Also, an asterisk can 
be used to represent all the audio permissions. 

The following table lists the possible AudioPermission target names. For each 
name, the table provides a description of exactly what that permission allows, 
as well as a discussion of the risks of granting code the permission. 



Permission Target Name What the Permission Allows Risks of Allowing this 
Permission 

play Audio playback through the audio device or devices on the system. Allows 
the application to obtain and manipulate lines and mixers for audio playback 
(rendering). In some cases use of this permission may affect other applications 
because the audio from one line may be mixed with other audio being played on 
the system, or because manipulation of a mixer affects the audio for all lines 
using that mixer. 

record Audio recording through the audio device or devices on the system. 
Allows the application to obtain and manipulate lines and mixers for audio 
recording (capture). In some cases use of this permission may affect other 
applications because manipulation of a mixer affects the audio for all lines 
using that mixer. This permission can enable an applet or application to 
eavesdrop on a user. 


*javax.sound.sampled.AudioPermission(String)*

public AudioPermission(java.lang.String name)

Creates a new AudioPermission object that has the specified symbolic name, such 
as "play" or "record". An asterisk can be used to indicate all audio 
permissions. 

    name - the name of the new AudioPermission 

*javax.sound.sampled.AudioPermission(String,String)*

public AudioPermission(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String actions)

Creates a new AudioPermission object that has the specified symbolic name, such 
as "play" or "record". The actions parameter is currently unused and should be 
null. 

    name - the name of the new AudioPermission 
    actions - (unused; should be null) 

