*javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent* *TreeModelEvent* Encapsulates information describing changes to a tree model, and
 used to notify tree model listeners of the change.

public class TreeModelEvent
  extends    |java.util.EventObject|

|javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent_Description|
|javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent_Fields|
|javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent_Constructors|
|javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent_Methods|

====================================================================================================================================================================================

*javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent_Fields*
|int[]_javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent.childIndices|
|java.lang.Object[]_javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent.children|
|javax.swing.tree.TreePath_javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent.path|

*javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent_Constructors*
|javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent(Object,Object[])|Used to create an event when the node structure has changed in some way,  identifying the path to the root of a modified subtree
|javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent(Object,Object[],int[],Object[])|Used to create an event when nodes have been changed, inserted, or  removed, identifying the path to the parent o
|javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent(Object,TreePath)|Used to create an event when the node structure has changed in some way,  identifying the path to the root of the modified subtr
|javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent(Object,TreePath,int[],Object[])|Used to create an event when nodes have been changed, inserted, or  removed, identifying the path to the parent o

*javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent_Methods*
|javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent.getChildIndices()|Returns the values of the child indexes.
|javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent.getChildren()|Returns the objects that are children of the node identified by  getPath at the locations specified by  getChildIndices.
|javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent.getPath()|Convenience method to get the array of objects from the TreePath  instance that this event wraps.
|javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent.getTreePath()|For all events, except treeStructureChanged,  returns the parent of the changed nodes.
|javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent.toString()|Returns a string that displays and identifies this object's  properties.

*javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent_Description*

Encapsulates information describing changes to a tree model, and used to notify tree model listeners of the change. For more information and examples see How to Write a Tree Model 
Listener, a section in The Java Tutorial. 

Warning: Serialized objects of this class will not be compatible with future Swing releases. The current serialization support is appropriate for short term storage or RMI between 
applications running the same version of Swing. As of 1.4, support for long term storage of all JavaBeansTM has been added to the java.beans package. Please see 
(|java.beans.XMLEncoder|) . 



*int[]_javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent.childIndices*

Indices identifying the position of where the children were. 


*java.lang.Object[]_javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent.children*

Children that have been removed. 


*javax.swing.tree.TreePath_javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent.path*

Path to the parent of the nodes that have changed. 



*javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent(Object,Object[])*

public TreeModelEvent(
  java.lang.Object source,
  java.lang.Object[] path)

Used to create an event when the node structure has changed in some way, identifying the path to the root of a modified subtree as an array of Objects. A structure change event 
might involve nodes swapping position, for example, or it might encapsulate multiple inserts and deletes in the subtree stemming from the node, where the changes may have taken 
place at different levels of the subtree. 

Note: JTree collapses all nodes under the specified node, so that only its immediate children are visible. 

    source - the Object responsible for generating the event (typically the creator of the event object passes this for its value) 
    path - an array of Object identifying the path to the root of the modified subtree, where the first element of the array is the object stored at the root node and the last element is the 
       object stored at the changed node 

*javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent(Object,Object[],int[],Object[])*

public TreeModelEvent(
  java.lang.Object source,
  java.lang.Object[] path,
  int[] childIndices,
  java.lang.Object[] children)

Used to create an event when nodes have been changed, inserted, or removed, identifying the path to the parent of the modified items as an array of Objects. All of the modified 
objects are siblings which are direct descendents (not grandchildren) of the specified parent. The positions at which the inserts, deletes, or changes occurred are specified by an 
array of int. The indexes in that array must be in order, from lowest to highest. 

For changes, the indexes in the model correspond exactly to the indexes of items currently displayed in the UI. As a result, it is not really critical if the indexes are not in 
their exact order. But after multiple inserts or deletes, the items currently in the UI no longer correspond to the items in the model. It is therefore critical to specify the 
indexes properly for inserts and deletes. 

For inserts, the indexes represent the final state of the tree, after the inserts have occurred. Since the indexes must be specified in order, the most natural processing 
methodology is to do the inserts starting at the lowest index and working towards the highest. Accumulate a Vector of Integer objects that specify the insert-locations as you go, 
then convert the Vector to an array of int to create the event. When the postition-index equals zero, the node is inserted at the beginning of the list. When the position index 
equals the size of the list, the node is "inserted" at (appended to) the end of the list. 

For deletes, the indexes represent the initial state of the tree, before the deletes have occurred. Since the indexes must be specified in order, the most natural processing 
methodology is to use a delete-counter. Start by initializing the counter to zero and start work through the list from lowest to higest. Every time you do a delete, add the 
current value of the delete-counter to the index-position where the delete occurred, and append the result to a Vector of delete-locations, using addElement(). Then increment the 
delete-counter. The index positions stored in the Vector therefore reflect the effects of all previous deletes, so they represent each object's position in the initial tree. (You 
could also start at the highest index and working back towards the lowest, accumulating a Vector of delete-locations as you go using the insertElementAt(Integer, 0).) However you 
produce the Vector of initial-positions, you then need to convert the Vector of Integer objects to an array of int to create the event. 

Notes: Like the insertNodeInto method in the DefaultTreeModel class, insertElementAt appends to the Vector when the index matches the size of the vector. So you can use 
insertElementAt(Integer, 0) even when the vector is empty. To create a node changed event for the root node, specify the parent and the child indices as null. 

    source - the Object responsible for generating the event (typically the creator of the event object passes this for its value) 
    path - an array of Object identifying the path to the parent of the modified item(s), where the first element of the array is the Object stored at the root node and the last element is 
       the Object stored at the parent node 
    childIndices - an array of int that specifies the index values of the removed items. The indices must be in sorted order, from lowest to highest 
    children - an array of Object containing the inserted, removed, or changed objects 

*javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent(Object,TreePath)*

public TreeModelEvent(
  java.lang.Object source,
  javax.swing.tree.TreePath path)

Used to create an event when the node structure has changed in some way, identifying the path to the root of the modified subtree as a TreePath object. For more information on 
this event specification, see TreeModelEvent(Object,Object[]). 

    source - the Object responsible for generating the event (typically the creator of the event object passes this for its value) 
    path - a TreePath object that identifies the path to the change. In the DefaultTreeModel, this object contains an array of user-data objects, but a subclass of TreePath could use some 
       totally different mechanism -- for example, a node ID number 

*javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent(Object,TreePath,int[],Object[])*

public TreeModelEvent(
  java.lang.Object source,
  javax.swing.tree.TreePath path,
  int[] childIndices,
  java.lang.Object[] children)

Used to create an event when nodes have been changed, inserted, or removed, identifying the path to the parent of the modified items as a TreePath object. For more information on 
how to specify the indexes and objects, see TreeModelEvent(Object,Object[],int[],Object[]). 

    source - the Object responsible for generating the event (typically the creator of the event object passes this for its value) 
    path - a TreePath object that identifies the path to the parent of the modified item(s) 
    childIndices - an array of int that specifies the index values of the modified items 
    children - an array of Object containing the inserted, removed, or changed objects 

*javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent.getChildIndices()*

public int[] getChildIndices()

Returns the values of the child indexes. If this is a removal event the indexes point to locations in the initial list where items were removed. If it is an insert, the indices 
point to locations in the final list where the items were added. For node changes, the indices point to the locations of the modified nodes. 



    Returns: an array of int containing index locations for the children specified by the event 

*javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent.getChildren()*

public |java.lang.Object|[] getChildren()

Returns the objects that are children of the node identified by getPath at the locations specified by getChildIndices. If this is a removal event the returned objects are no 
longer children of the parent node. 



    Returns: an array of Object containing the children specified by the event 

*javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent.getPath()*

public |java.lang.Object|[] getPath()

Convenience method to get the array of objects from the TreePath instance that this event wraps. 



    Returns: an array of Objects, where the first Object is the one stored at the root and the last object is the one stored at the node identified by the path 

*javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent.getTreePath()*

public |javax.swing.tree.TreePath| getTreePath()

For all events, except treeStructureChanged, returns the parent of the changed nodes. For treeStructureChanged events, returns the ancestor of the structure that has changed. This 
and getChildIndices are used to get a list of the effected nodes. 

The one exception to this is a treeNodesChanged event that is to identify the root, in which case this will return the root and getChildIndices will return null. 



    Returns: the TreePath used in identifying the changed nodes. 

*javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a string that displays and identifies this object's properties. 



    Returns: a String representation of this object 


