*javax.sound.midi.SoundbankResource* *SoundbankResource* A SoundbankResource rep

public abstract class SoundbankResource
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|javax.sound.midi.SoundbankResource_Description|
|javax.sound.midi.SoundbankResource_Fields|
|javax.sound.midi.SoundbankResource_Constructors|
|javax.sound.midi.SoundbankResource_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.sound.midi.SoundbankResource_Constructors*
|javax.sound.midi.SoundbankResource(Soundbank,String,Class)|Constructs a new So

*javax.sound.midi.SoundbankResource_Methods*
|javax.sound.midi.SoundbankResource.getData()|Obtains the sampled audio that is
|javax.sound.midi.SoundbankResource.getDataClass()|Obtains the class used by th
|javax.sound.midi.SoundbankResource.getName()|Obtains the name of the resource.
|javax.sound.midi.SoundbankResource.getSoundbank()|Obtains the sound bank that 

*javax.sound.midi.SoundbankResource_Description*

A SoundbankResource represents any audio resource stored in a 
(|javax.sound.midi.Soundbank|) . Common soundbank resources include: 

Instruments. An instrument may be specified in a variety of ways. However, all 
soundbanks have some mechanism for defining instruments. In doing so, they may 
reference other resources stored in the soundbank. Each instrument has a Patch 
which specifies the MIDI program and bank by which it may be referenced in MIDI 
messages. Instrument information may be stored in 
(|javax.sound.midi.Instrument|) objects. Audio samples. A sample typically is a 
sampled audio waveform which contains a short sound recording whose duration is 
a fraction of a second, or at most a few seconds. These audio samples may be 
used by a (|javax.sound.midi.Synthesizer|) to synthesize sound in response to 
MIDI commands, or extracted for use by an application. (The terminology 
reflects musicians' use of the word "sample" to refer collectively to a series 
of contiguous audio samples or frames, rather than to a single, instantaneous 
sample.) The data class for an audio sample will be an object that encapsulates 
the audio sample data itself and information about how to interpret it (the 
format of the audio data), such as an (|javax.sound.sampled.AudioInputStream|) 
. Embedded sequences. A sound bank may contain built-in song data stored in a 
data object such as a (|javax.sound.midi.Sequence|) . 

Synthesizers that use wavetable synthesis or related techniques play back the 
audio in a sample when synthesizing notes, often when emulating the real-world 
instrument that was originally recorded. However, there is not necessarily a 
one-to-one correspondence between the Instruments and samples in a Soundbank. A 
single Instrument can use multiple SoundbankResources (typically for notes of 
dissimilar pitch or brightness). Also, more than one Instrument can use the 
same sample. 


*javax.sound.midi.SoundbankResource(Soundbank,String,Class)*

protected SoundbankResource(
  javax.sound.midi.Soundbank soundBank,
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.Class dataClass)

Constructs a new SoundbankResource from the given sound bank and wavetable 
index. (Setting the SoundbankResource's name, sampled audio data, and 
instruments is a subclass responsibility.) 

    soundBank - the sound bank containing this SoundbankResource 
    name - the name of the sample 
    dataClass - the class used to represent the sample's data 

*javax.sound.midi.SoundbankResource.getData()*

public abstract |java.lang.Object| getData()

Obtains the sampled audio that is stored in this SoundbankResource. The type of 
object returned depends on the implementation of the concrete class, and may be 
queried using getDataClass. 


    Returns: an object containing the sampled audio data 
*javax.sound.midi.SoundbankResource.getDataClass()*

public |java.lang.Class| getDataClass()

Obtains the class used by this sample to represent its data. The object 
returned by getData will be of this class. If this SoundbankResource object 
does not support direct access to its data, returns null. 


    Returns: the class used to represent the sample's data, or null if the data is not 
             accessible 
*javax.sound.midi.SoundbankResource.getName()*

public |java.lang.String| getName()

Obtains the name of the resource. This should generally be a string descriptive 
of the resource. 


    Returns: the instrument's name 
*javax.sound.midi.SoundbankResource.getSoundbank()*

public |javax.sound.midi.Soundbank| getSoundbank()

Obtains the sound bank that contains this SoundbankResource. 


    Returns: the sound bank in which this SoundbankResource is stored 

