*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo* *OpenMBeanOperationInfo* Des

public interface interface OpenMBeanOperationInfo


|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo_Description|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo_Fields|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo_Constructors|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo_Methods*
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo.equals(Object)|Compares the 
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo.getDescription()|Returns a h
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo.getImpact()|Returns an int c
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo.getName()|Returns the name o
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo.getReturnOpenType()|Returns 
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo.getReturnType()|Returns the 
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo.getSignature()|Returns an ar
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo.hashCode()|Returns the hash 
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo.toString()|Returns a string 

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo_Description*

Describes an operation of an Open MBean. 

This interface declares the same methods as the class 
(|javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo|) . A class implementing this interface 
(typically (|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport|) ) 
should extend (|javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo|) . 

The (|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo|) method should return 
at runtime an array of instances of a subclass of 
(|javax.management.MBeanParameterInfo|) which implements the 
(|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfo|) interface (typically 
(|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport|) ). 


*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object obj)

Compares the specified obj parameter with this OpenMBeanOperationInfo instance 
for equality. 

Returns true if and only if all of the following statements are true: 

obj is non null, obj also implements the OpenMBeanOperationInfo interface, 
their names are equal their signatures are equal their return open types are 
equal their impacts are equal 

This ensures that this equals method works properly for obj parameters which 
are different implementations of the OpenMBeanOperationInfo interface. 

    obj - the object to be compared for equality with this OpenMBeanOperationInfo 
       instance; 

    Returns: true if the specified object is equal to this OpenMBeanOperationInfo instance. 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo.getDescription()*

public |java.lang.String| getDescription()

Returns a human readable description of the operation described by this 
OpenMBeanOperationInfo instance. 


    Returns: the description. 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo.getImpact()*

public int getImpact()

Returns an int constant qualifying the impact of the operation described by 
this OpenMBeanOperationInfo instance. 

The returned constant is one of (|javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo|) , 
(|javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo|) or 
(|javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo|) . 


    Returns: the impact code. 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo.getName()*

public |java.lang.String| getName()

Returns the name of the operation described by this OpenMBeanOperationInfo 
instance. 


    Returns: 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo.getReturnOpenType()*

public |javax.management.openmbean.OpenType| getReturnOpenType()

Returns the open type of the values returned by the operation described by this 
OpenMBeanOperationInfo instance. 


    Returns: the return type. 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo.getReturnType()*

public |java.lang.String| getReturnType()

Returns the fully qualified Java class name of the values returned by the 
operation described by this OpenMBeanOperationInfo instance. This method should 
return the same value as a call to getReturnOpenType().getClassName(). 


    Returns: the return type. 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo.getSignature()*

public |javax.management.MBeanParameterInfo| getSignature()

Returns an array of OpenMBeanParameterInfo instances describing each parameter 
in the signature of the operation described by this OpenMBeanOperationInfo 
instance. Each instance in the returned array should actually be a subclass of 
MBeanParameterInfo which implements the OpenMBeanParameterInfo interface 
(typically (|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport|) ). 


    Returns: the signature. 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()

Returns the hash code value for this OpenMBeanOperationInfo instance. 

The hash code of an OpenMBeanOperationInfo instance is the sum of the hash 
codes of all elements of information used in equals comparisons (ie: its name, 
return open type, impact and signature, where the signature hashCode is 
calculated by a call to java.util.Arrays.asList(this.getSignature).hashCode()). 

This ensures that t1.equals(t2) implies that t1.hashCode()==t2.hashCode() for 
any two OpenMBeanOperationInfo instances t1 and t2, as required by the general 
contract of the method Object.hashCode()(|java.lang.Object|) . 


    Returns: the hash code value for this OpenMBeanOperationInfo instance 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a string representation of this OpenMBeanOperationInfo instance. 

The string representation consists of the name of this class (ie 
javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo), and the name, signature, 
return open type and impact of the described operation. 


    Returns: a string representation of this OpenMBeanOperationInfo instance 

