*javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper* *ServletResponseWrapper* Provides a conve

public class ServletResponseWrapper
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |javax.servlet.ServletResponse|

|javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper_Description|
|javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper_Fields|
|javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper_Constructors|
|javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper_Constructors*
|javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper(ServletResponse)|Creates a ServletRespons

*javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper_Methods*
|javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.flushBuffer()|The default behavior of thi
|javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.getBufferSize()|The default behavior of t
|javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.getCharacterEncoding()|The default behavi
|javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.getContentType()|The default behavior of 
|javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.getLocale()|The default behavior of this 
|javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.getOutputStream()|The default behavior of
|javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.getResponse()|Return the wrapped ServletR
|javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.getWriter()|The default behavior of this 
|javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.isCommitted()|The default behavior of thi
|javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.reset()|The default behavior of this meth
|javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.resetBuffer()|The default behavior of thi
|javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.setBufferSize(int)|The default behavior o
|javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.setCharacterEncoding(String)|The default 
|javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.setContentLength(int)|The default behavio
|javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.setContentType(String)|The default behavi
|javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.setLocale(Locale)|The default behavior of
|javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.setResponse(ServletResponse)|Sets the res

*javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper_Description*

Provides a convenient implementation of the ServletResponse interface that can 
be subclassed by developers wishing to adapt the response from a Servlet. This 
class implements the Wrapper or Decorator pattern. Methods default to calling 
through to the wrapped response object. 



*javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper(ServletResponse)*

public ServletResponseWrapper(javax.servlet.ServletResponse response)

Creates a ServletResponse adaptor wrapping the given response object. 


*javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.flushBuffer()*

public void flushBuffer()
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
The default behavior of this method is to call flushBuffer() on the wrapped 
response object. 



*javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.getBufferSize()*

public int getBufferSize()

The default behavior of this method is to return getBufferSize() on the wrapped 
response object. 



*javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.getCharacterEncoding()*

public |java.lang.String| getCharacterEncoding()

The default behavior of this method is to return getCharacterEncoding() on the 
wrapped response object. 



*javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.getContentType()*

public |java.lang.String| getContentType()

The default behavior of this method is to return getContentType() on the 
wrapped response object. 



*javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.getLocale()*

public |java.util.Locale| getLocale()

The default behavior of this method is to return getLocale() on the wrapped 
response object. 



*javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.getOutputStream()*

public |javax.servlet.ServletOutputStream| getOutputStream()
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
The default behavior of this method is to return getOutputStream() on the 
wrapped response object. 



*javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.getResponse()*

public |javax.servlet.ServletResponse| getResponse()

Return the wrapped ServletResponse object. 



*javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.getWriter()*

public |java.io.PrintWriter| getWriter()
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
The default behavior of this method is to return getWriter() on the wrapped 
response object. 



*javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.isCommitted()*

public boolean isCommitted()

The default behavior of this method is to return isCommitted() on the wrapped 
response object. 



*javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.reset()*

public void reset()

The default behavior of this method is to call reset() on the wrapped response 
object. 



*javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.resetBuffer()*

public void resetBuffer()

The default behavior of this method is to call resetBuffer() on the wrapped 
response object. 



*javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.setBufferSize(int)*

public void setBufferSize(int size)

The default behavior of this method is to call setBufferSize(int size) on the 
wrapped response object. 



*javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.setCharacterEncoding(String)*

public void setCharacterEncoding(java.lang.String charset)

The default behavior of this method is to call setCharacterEncoding(String 
charset) on the wrapped response object. 



*javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.setContentLength(int)*

public void setContentLength(int len)

The default behavior of this method is to call setContentLength(int len) on the 
wrapped response object. 



*javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.setContentType(String)*

public void setContentType(java.lang.String type)

The default behavior of this method is to call setContentType(String type) on 
the wrapped response object. 



*javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.setLocale(Locale)*

public void setLocale(java.util.Locale loc)

The default behavior of this method is to call setLocale(Locale loc) on the 
wrapped response object. 



*javax.servlet.ServletResponseWrapper.setResponse(ServletResponse)*

public void setResponse(javax.servlet.ServletResponse response)

Sets the response being wrapped. 




