*javax.management.MBeanServerPermission* *MBeanServerPermission* A Permission to

public class MBeanServerPermission
  extends    |java.security.BasicPermission|

|javax.management.MBeanServerPermission_Description|
|javax.management.MBeanServerPermission_Fields|
|javax.management.MBeanServerPermission_Constructors|
|javax.management.MBeanServerPermission_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.management.MBeanServerPermission_Constructors*
|javax.management.MBeanServerPermission(String)|Create a new MBeanServerPermiss
|javax.management.MBeanServerPermission(String,String)|Create a new MBeanServer

*javax.management.MBeanServerPermission_Methods*
|javax.management.MBeanServerPermission.equals(Object)|Checks two MBeanServerPe
|javax.management.MBeanServerPermission.hashCode()|
|javax.management.MBeanServerPermission.implies(Permission)|Checks if this MBea
|javax.management.MBeanServerPermission.newPermissionCollection()|

*javax.management.MBeanServerPermission_Description*

A Permission to perform actions related to MBeanServers. The name of the 
permission specifies the operation requested or granted by the permission. For 
a granted permission, it can be * to allow all of the MBeanServer operations 
specified below. Otherwise, for a granted or requested permission, it must be 
one of the following: 

createMBeanServer Create a new MBeanServer object using the method 
(|javax.management.MBeanServerFactory|) or 
(|javax.management.MBeanServerFactory|) . findMBeanServer Find an MBeanServer 
with a given name, or all MBeanServers in this JVM, using the method 
(|javax.management.MBeanServerFactory|) . newMBeanServer Create a new 
MBeanServer object without keeping a reference to it, using the method 
(|javax.management.MBeanServerFactory|) or 
(|javax.management.MBeanServerFactory|) . releaseMBeanServer Remove the 
MBeanServerFactory's reference to an MBeanServer, using the method 
(|javax.management.MBeanServerFactory|) . 

The name of the permission can also denote a list of one or more 
comma-separated operations. Spaces are allowed at the beginning and end of the 
name and before and after commas. 

MBeanServerPermission("createMBeanServer") implies 
MBeanServerPermission("newMBeanServer"). 


*javax.management.MBeanServerPermission(String)*

public MBeanServerPermission(java.lang.String name)

Create a new MBeanServerPermission with the given name. This constructor is 
equivalent to MBeanServerPermission(name,null). 

    name - the name of the granted permission. It must respect the constraints spelt out 
       in the description of the {@link MBeanServerPermission} class. 

*javax.management.MBeanServerPermission(String,String)*

public MBeanServerPermission(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String actions)

Create a new MBeanServerPermission with the given name. 

    name - the name of the granted permission. It must respect the constraints spelt out 
       in the description of the {@link MBeanServerPermission} class. 
    actions - the associated actions. This parameter is not currently used and must be null 
       or the empty string. 

*javax.management.MBeanServerPermission.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object obj)

Checks two MBeanServerPermission objects for equality. Checks that obj is an 
MBeanServerPermission, and represents the same list of allowable actions as 
this object. 

    obj - the object we are testing for equality with this object. 

    Returns: true if the objects are equal. 
*javax.management.MBeanServerPermission.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()




*javax.management.MBeanServerPermission.implies(Permission)*

public boolean implies(java.security.Permission p)

Checks if this MBeanServerPermission object "implies" the specified permission. 

More specifically, this method returns true if: 

p is an instance of MBeanServerPermission, p's target names are a subset of 
this object's target names 

The createMBeanServer permission implies the newMBeanServer permission. 

    p - the permission to check against. 

    Returns: true if the specified permission is implied by this object, false if not. 
*javax.management.MBeanServerPermission.newPermissionCollection()*

public |java.security.PermissionCollection| newPermissionCollection()





