*javax.management.MBeanNotificationInfo* *MBeanNotificationInfo* The MBeanNotifi

public class MBeanNotificationInfo
  extends    |javax.management.MBeanFeatureInfo|
  implements |java.lang.Cloneable|
             |java.io.Serializable|

|javax.management.MBeanNotificationInfo_Description|
|javax.management.MBeanNotificationInfo_Fields|
|javax.management.MBeanNotificationInfo_Constructors|
|javax.management.MBeanNotificationInfo_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.management.MBeanNotificationInfo_Constructors*
|javax.management.MBeanNotificationInfo(String[],String,String)|Constructs an M

*javax.management.MBeanNotificationInfo_Methods*
|javax.management.MBeanNotificationInfo.clone()|Returns a shallow clone of this
|javax.management.MBeanNotificationInfo.equals(Object)|Compare this MBeanAttrib
|javax.management.MBeanNotificationInfo.getNotifTypes()|Returns the array of st
|javax.management.MBeanNotificationInfo.hashCode()|

*javax.management.MBeanNotificationInfo_Description*

The MBeanNotificationInfo class is used to describe the characteristics of the 
different notification instances emitted by an MBean, for a given Java class of 
notification. If an MBean emits notifications that can be instances of 
different Java classes, then the metadata for that MBean should provide an 
MBeanNotificationInfo object for each of these notification Java classes. 

Instances of this class are immutable. Subclasses may be mutable but this is 
not recommended. 

This class extends javax.management.MBeanFeatureInfo and thus provides name and 
description fields. The name field should be the fully qualified Java class 
name of the notification objects described by this class. 

The getNotifTypes method returns an array of strings containing the 
notification types that the MBean may emit. The notification type is a 
dot-notation string which describes what the emitted notification is about, not 
the Java class of the notification. A single generic notification class can be 
used to send notifications of several types. All of these types are returned in 
the string array result of the getNotifTypes method. 


*javax.management.MBeanNotificationInfo(String[],String,String)*

public MBeanNotificationInfo(
  java.lang.String[] notifTypes,
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String description)
  throws |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         
Constructs an MBeanNotificationInfo object. 

    notifTypes - The array of strings (in dot notation) containing the notification types that 
       the MBean may emit. This may be null with the same effect as a 
       zero-length array. 
    name - The fully qualified Java class name of the described notifications. 
    description - A human readable description of the data. 

*javax.management.MBeanNotificationInfo.clone()*

public |java.lang.Object| clone()

Returns a shallow clone of this instance. The clone is obtained by simply 
calling super.clone(), thus calling the default native shallow cloning 
mechanism implemented by Object.clone(). No deeper cloning of any internal 
field is made. 


*javax.management.MBeanNotificationInfo.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object o)

Compare this MBeanAttributeInfo to another. 

    o - the object to compare to. 

    Returns: true iff o is an MBeanNotificationInfo such that its {@link #getName()}, {@link 
             #getDescription()}, and {@link #getNotifTypes()} values are equal 
             (not necessarily identical) to those of this 
             MBeanNotificationInfo. Two notification type arrays are equal if 
             their corresponding elements are equal. They are not equal if they 
             have the same elements but in a different order. 
*javax.management.MBeanNotificationInfo.getNotifTypes()*

public |java.lang.String| getNotifTypes()

Returns the array of strings (in dot notation) containing the notification 
types that the MBean may emit. 


    Returns: the array of strings. Changing the returned array has no effect on this 
             MBeanNotificationInfo. 
*javax.management.MBeanNotificationInfo.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()





