*javax.management.openmbean.TabularType* *TabularType* The TabularType class is 

public class TabularType
  extends    |javax.management.openmbean.OpenType|
  implements |java.io.Serializable|

|javax.management.openmbean.TabularType_Description|
|javax.management.openmbean.TabularType_Fields|
|javax.management.openmbean.TabularType_Constructors|
|javax.management.openmbean.TabularType_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.management.openmbean.TabularType_Constructors*
|javax.management.openmbean.TabularType(String,String,CompositeType,String[])|C

*javax.management.openmbean.TabularType_Methods*
|javax.management.openmbean.TabularType.equals(Object)|Compares the specified o
|javax.management.openmbean.TabularType.getIndexNames()|Returns, in the same or
|javax.management.openmbean.TabularType.getRowType()|Returns the type of the ro
|javax.management.openmbean.TabularType.hashCode()|Returns the hash code value 
|javax.management.openmbean.TabularType.isValue(Object)|Tests whether obj is a 
|javax.management.openmbean.TabularType.toString()|Returns a string representat

*javax.management.openmbean.TabularType_Description*

The TabularType class is the open type class whose instances describe the types 
of <code>TabularData</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.TabularData|) values. 


*javax.management.openmbean.TabularType(String,String,CompositeType,String[])*

public TabularType(
  java.lang.String typeName,
  java.lang.String description,
  javax.management.openmbean.CompositeType rowType,
  java.lang.String[] indexNames)
  throws |javax.management.openmbean.OpenDataException|
         
Constructs a TabularType instance, checking for the validity of the given 
parameters. The validity constraints are described below for each parameter. 

The Java class name of tabular data values this tabular type represents (ie the 
class name returned by the getClassName(|javax.management.openmbean.OpenType|) 
method) is set to the string value returned by TabularData.class.getName(). 

    typeName - The name given to the tabular type this instance represents; cannot be a null 
       or empty string. 
    description - The human readable description of the tabular type this instance represents; 
       cannot be a null or empty string. 
    rowType - The type of the row elements of tabular data values described by this tabular 
       type instance; cannot be null. 
    indexNames - The names of the items the values of which are used to uniquely index each row 
       element in the tabular data values described by this tabular type 
       instance; cannot be null or empty. Each element should be an item name 
       defined in rowType (no null or empty string allowed). It is important to 
       note that the order of the item names in indexNames is used by the 
       methods {@link TabularData#get(java.lang.Object[]) get} and {@link 
       TabularData#remove(java.lang.Object[]) remove} of class TabularData to 
       match their array of values parameter to items. 

*javax.management.openmbean.TabularType.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object obj)

Compares the specified obj parameter with this TabularType instance for 
equality. 

Two TabularType instances are equal if and only if all of the following 
statements are true: 

their type names are equal their row types are equal they use the same index 
names, in the same order 



    obj - the object to be compared for equality with this TabularType instance; if obj 
       is null, equals returns false. 

    Returns: true if the specified object is equal to this TabularType instance. 
*javax.management.openmbean.TabularType.getIndexNames()*

public |java.util.List| getIndexNames()

Returns, in the same order as was given to this instance's constructor, an 
unmodifiable List of the names of the items the values of which are used to 
uniquely index each row element of tabular data values described by this 
TabularType instance. 


    Returns: a List of String representing the names of the index items. 
*javax.management.openmbean.TabularType.getRowType()*

public |javax.management.openmbean.CompositeType| getRowType()

Returns the type of the row elements of tabular data values described by this 
TabularType instance. 


    Returns: the type of each row. 
*javax.management.openmbean.TabularType.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()

Returns the hash code value for this TabularType instance. 

The hash code of a TabularType instance is the sum of the hash codes of all 
elements of information used in equals comparisons (ie: name, row type, index 
names). This ensures that t1.equals(t2) implies that 
t1.hashCode()==t2.hashCode() for any two TabularType instances t1 and t2, as 
required by the general contract of the method 
Object.hashCode()(|java.lang.Object|) . 

As TabularType instances are immutable, the hash code for this instance is 
calculated once, on the first call to hashCode, and then the same value is 
returned for subsequent calls. 


    Returns: the hash code value for this TabularType instance 
*javax.management.openmbean.TabularType.isValue(Object)*

public boolean isValue(java.lang.Object obj)

Tests whether obj is a value which could be described by this TabularType 
instance. 

If obj is null or is not an instance of javax.management.openmbean.TabularData, 
isValue returns false. If obj is an instance of 
javax.management.openmbean.TabularData, its tabular type is tested for equality 
with this tabular type instance, and isValue returns true if and only if 
<code>equals</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.TabularType|) returns true. 

    obj - the value whose open type is to be tested for equality with this TabularType 
       instance. 

    Returns: true if obj is a value for this tabular type, false otherwise. 
*javax.management.openmbean.TabularType.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a string representation of this TabularType instance. 

The string representation consists of the name of this class (ie 
javax.management.openmbean.TabularType), the type name for this instance, the 
row type string representation of this instance, and the index names of this 
instance. 

As TabularType instances are immutable, the string representation for this 
instance is calculated once, on the first call to toString, and then the same 
value is returned for subsequent calls. 


    Returns: a string representation of this TabularType instance 

