*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfo* *OpenMBeanAttributeInfo* Des

public interface interface OpenMBeanAttributeInfo

  implements |javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfo|

|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfo_Description|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfo_Fields|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfo_Constructors|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfo_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfo_Methods*
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfo.equals(Object)|Compares the 
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfo.hashCode()|Returns the hash 
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfo.isIs()|Returns true if the a
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfo.isReadable()|Returns true if
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfo.isWritable()|Returns true if
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfo.toString()|Returns a string 

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfo_Description*

Describes an attribute of an open MBean. 

This interface declares the same methods as the class 
(|javax.management.MBeanAttributeInfo|) . A class implementing this interface 
(typically (|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport|) ) 
should extend (|javax.management.MBeanAttributeInfo|) . 


*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfo.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object obj)

Compares the specified obj parameter with this OpenMBeanAttributeInfo instance 
for equality. 

Returns true if and only if all of the following statements are true: 

obj is non null, obj also implements the OpenMBeanAttributeInfo interface, 
their names are equal their open types are equal their access properties 
(isReadable, isWritable and isIs) are equal their default, min, max and legal 
values are equal. 

This ensures that this equals method works properly for obj parameters which 
are different implementations of the OpenMBeanAttributeInfo interface. 

    obj - the object to be compared for equality with this OpenMBeanAttributeInfo 
       instance; 

    Returns: true if the specified object is equal to this OpenMBeanAttributeInfo instance. 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfo.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()

Returns the hash code value for this OpenMBeanAttributeInfo instance. 

The hash code of an OpenMBeanAttributeInfo instance is the sum of the hash 
codes of all elements of information used in equals comparisons (ie: its name, 
its open type, and its default, min, max and legal values). 

This ensures that t1.equals(t2) implies that t1.hashCode()==t2.hashCode() for 
any two OpenMBeanAttributeInfo instances t1 and t2, as required by the general 
contract of the method Object.hashCode()(|java.lang.Object|) . 


    Returns: the hash code value for this OpenMBeanAttributeInfo instance 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfo.isIs()*

public boolean isIs()

Returns true if the attribute described by this OpenMBeanAttributeInfo instance 
is accessed through a isXXX getter (applies only to boolean and Boolean 
values), false otherwise. 


    Returns: true if the attribute is accessed through isXXX. 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfo.isReadable()*

public boolean isReadable()

Returns true if the attribute described by this OpenMBeanAttributeInfo instance 
is readable, false otherwise. 


    Returns: true if the attribute is readable. 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfo.isWritable()*

public boolean isWritable()

Returns true if the attribute described by this OpenMBeanAttributeInfo instance 
is writable, false otherwise. 


    Returns: true if the attribute is writable. 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfo.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a string representation of this OpenMBeanAttributeInfo instance. 

The string representation consists of the name of this class (ie 
javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfo), the string representation 
of the name and open type of the described attribute, and the string 
representation of its default, min, max and legal values. 


    Returns: a string representation of this OpenMBeanAttributeInfo instance 

