*javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat* *AudioFileFormat* An instance of the Audio

public class AudioFileFormat
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat_Description|
|javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat_Fields|
|javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat_Constructors|
|javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat_Constructors*
|javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat(AudioFileFormat.Type,AudioFormat,int)|Cons
|javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat(AudioFileFormat.Type,AudioFormat,int,Map)|
|javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat(AudioFileFormat.Type,int,AudioFormat,int)|

*javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat_Methods*
|javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat.getByteLength()|Obtains the size in bytes 
|javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat.getFormat()|Obtains the format of the audi
|javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat.getFrameLength()|Obtains the length of the
|javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat.getProperty(String)|Obtain the property va
|javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat.getType()|Obtains the audio file type, suc
|javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat.properties()|Obtain an unmodifiable map of
|javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat.toString()|Provides a string representatio

*javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat_Description*

An instance of the AudioFileFormat class describes an audio file, including the 
file type, the file's length in bytes, the length in sample frames of the audio 
data contained in the file, and the format of the audio data. 

The (|javax.sound.sampled.AudioSystem|) class includes methods for determining 
the format of an audio file, obtaining an audio input stream from an audio 
file, and writing an audio file from an audio input stream. 

An AudioFileFormat object can include a set of properties. A property is a pair 
of key and value: the key is of type String, the associated property value is 
an arbitrary object. Properties specify additional informational meta data 
(like a author, copyright, or file duration). Properties are optional 
information, and file reader and file writer implementations are not required 
to provide or recognize properties. 

The following table lists some common properties that should be used in 
implementations: 



Property key Value type Description 

duration Long(|java.lang.Long|) playback duration of the file in microseconds 

author String(|java.lang.String|) name of the author of this file 

title String(|java.lang.String|) title of this file 

copyright String(|java.lang.String|) copyright message 

date Date(|java.util.Date|) date of the recording or release 

comment String(|java.lang.String|) an arbitrary text 




*javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat(AudioFileFormat.Type,AudioFormat,int)*

public AudioFileFormat(
  javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat.Type type,
  javax.sound.sampled.AudioFormat format,
  int frameLength)

Constructs an audio file format object. This public constructor may be used by 
applications to describe the properties of a requested audio file. 

    type - the type of the audio file 
    format - the format of the audio data contained in the file 
    frameLength - the audio data length in sample frames, or AudioSystem.NOT_SPECIFIED 

*javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat(AudioFileFormat.Type,AudioFormat,int,Map)*

public AudioFileFormat(
  javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat.Type type,
  javax.sound.sampled.AudioFormat format,
  int frameLength,
  java.util.Map properties)

Construct an audio file format object with a set of defined properties. This 
public constructor may be used by applications to describe the properties of a 
requested audio file. The properties map will be copied to prevent any changes 
to it. 

    type - the type of the audio file 
    format - the format of the audio data contained in the file 
    frameLength - the audio data length in sample frames, or AudioSystem.NOT_SPECIFIED 
    properties - a Map<String,Object> object with properties 

*javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat(AudioFileFormat.Type,int,AudioFormat,int)*

protected AudioFileFormat(
  javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat.Type type,
  int byteLength,
  javax.sound.sampled.AudioFormat format,
  int frameLength)

Constructs an audio file format object. This protected constructor is intended 
for use by providers of file-reading services when returning information about 
an audio file or about supported audio file formats. 

    type - the type of the audio file 
    byteLength - the length of the file in bytes, or AudioSystem.NOT_SPECIFIED 
    format - the format of the audio data contained in the file 
    frameLength - the audio data length in sample frames, or AudioSystem.NOT_SPECIFIED 

*javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat.getByteLength()*

public int getByteLength()

Obtains the size in bytes of the entire audio file (not just its audio data). 


    Returns: the audio file length in bytes 
*javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat.getFormat()*

public |javax.sound.sampled.AudioFormat| getFormat()

Obtains the format of the audio data contained in the audio file. 


    Returns: the audio data format 
*javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat.getFrameLength()*

public int getFrameLength()

Obtains the length of the audio data contained in the file, expressed in sample 
frames. 


    Returns: the number of sample frames of audio data in the file 
*javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat.getProperty(String)*

public |java.lang.Object| getProperty(java.lang.String key)

Obtain the property value specified by the key. The concept of properties is 
further explained in the class 
description(|javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat|) . 

If the specified property is not defined for a particular file format, this 
method returns null. 

    key - the key of the desired property 

    Returns: the value of the property with the specified key, or null if the property does 
             not exist. 
*javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat.getType()*

public |javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat.Type| getType()

Obtains the audio file type, such as WAVE or AU. 


    Returns: the audio file type 
*javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat.properties()*

public |java.util.Map| properties()

Obtain an unmodifiable map of properties. The concept of properties is further 
explained in the class description(|javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat|) . 


    Returns: a Map<String,Object> object containing all properties. If no properties are 
             recognized, an empty map is returned. 
*javax.sound.sampled.AudioFileFormat.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Provides a string representation of the file format. 


    Returns: the file format as a string 

