*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport* *OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport* 

public class OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport
  extends    |javax.management.MBeanAttributeInfo|
  implements |javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfo|
             |java.io.Serializable|

|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport_Description|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport_Fields|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport_Constructors|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport_Constructors*
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport(String,String,OpenType,boolean,boolean,boolean)|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport(String,String,OpenType,boolean,boolean,boolean,Object)|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport(String,String,OpenType,boolean,boolean,boolean,Object,Comparable,Comparable)|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport(String,String,OpenType,boolean,boolean,boolean,Object,Object[])|

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport_Methods*
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.equals(Object)|Compar
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.getDefaultValue()|Ret
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.getLegalValues()|Retu
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.getMaxValue()|Returns
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.getMinValue()|Returns
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.getOpenType()|Returns
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.hasDefaultValue()|Ret
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.hashCode()|Returns th
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.hasLegalValues()|Retu
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.hasMaxValue()|Returns
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.hasMinValue()|Returns
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.isValue(Object)|Tests
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.toString()|Returns a 

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport_Description*

Describes an attribute of an open MBean. 


*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport(String,String,OpenType,boolean,boolean,boolean)*

public OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String description,
  javax.management.openmbean.OpenType openType,
  boolean isReadable,
  boolean isWritable,
  boolean isIs)

Constructs an OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport instance, which describes the 
attribute of an open MBean with the specified name, openType and description, 
and the specified read/write access properties. 

    name - cannot be a null or empty string. 
    description - cannot be a null or empty string. 
    openType - cannot be null. 
    isReadable - true if the attribute has a getter exposed for management. 
    isWritable - true if the attribute has a setter exposed for management. 
    isIs - true if the attribute's getter is of the form isXXX. 

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport(String,String,OpenType,boolean,boolean,boolean,Object)*

public OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String description,
  javax.management.openmbean.OpenType openType,
  boolean isReadable,
  boolean isWritable,
  boolean isIs,
  java.lang.Object defaultValue)
  throws |javax.management.openmbean.OpenDataException|
         
Constructs an OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport instance, which describes the 
attribute of an open MBean with the specified name, openType, description and 
defaultValue, and the specified read/write access properties. 

    name - cannot be a null or empty string. 
    description - cannot be a null or empty string. 
    openType - cannot be null. 
    isReadable - true if the attribute has a getter exposed for management. 
    isWritable - true if the attribute has a setter exposed for management. 
    isIs - true if the attribute's getter is of the form isXXX. 
    defaultValue - must be a valid value for the openType specified for this attribute; default 
       value not supported for ArrayType and TabularType; can be null, in which 
       case it means that no default value is set. 

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport(String,String,OpenType,boolean,boolean,boolean,Object,Comparable,Comparable)*

public OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String description,
  javax.management.openmbean.OpenType openType,
  boolean isReadable,
  boolean isWritable,
  boolean isIs,
  java.lang.Object defaultValue,
  java.lang.Comparable minValue,
  java.lang.Comparable maxValue)
  throws |javax.management.openmbean.OpenDataException|
         
Constructs an OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport instance, which describes the 
attribute used in one or more operations or constructors of a class of open 
MBeans, with the specified name, openType, description, defaultValue, minValue 
and maxValue. 

It is possible to specify minimal and maximal values only for an open type 
whose values are Comparable. 

    name - cannot be a null or empty string. 
    description - cannot be a null or empty string. 
    openType - cannot be null. 
    isReadable - true if the attribute has a getter exposed for management. 
    isWritable - true if the attribute has a setter exposed for management. 
    isIs - true if the attribute's getter is of the form isXXX. 
    defaultValue - must be a valid value for the openType specified for this attribute; default 
       value not supported for ArrayType and TabularType; can be null, in which 
       case it means that no default value is set. 
    minValue - must be valid for the openType specified for this attribute; can be null, in 
       which case it means that no minimal value is set. 
    maxValue - must be valid for the openType specified for this attribute; can be null, in 
       which case it means that no maximal value is set. 

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport(String,String,OpenType,boolean,boolean,boolean,Object,Object[])*

public OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String description,
  javax.management.openmbean.OpenType openType,
  boolean isReadable,
  boolean isWritable,
  boolean isIs,
  java.lang.Object defaultValue,
  java.lang.Object[] legalValues)
  throws |javax.management.openmbean.OpenDataException|
         
Constructs an OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport instance, which describes the 
attribute of an open MBean with the specified name, openType, description, 
defaultValue and legalValues, and the specified read/write access properties. 

The contents of legalValues are internally dumped into an unmodifiable Set, so 
subsequent modifications of the array referenced by legalValues have no impact 
on this OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport instance. 

    name - cannot be a null or empty string. 
    description - cannot be a null or empty string. 
    openType - cannot be null. 
    isReadable - true if the attribute has a getter exposed for management. 
    isWritable - true if the attribute has a setter exposed for management. 
    isIs - true if the attribute's getter is of the form isXXX. 
    defaultValue - must be a valid value for the openType specified for this attribute; default 
       value not supported for ArrayType and TabularType; can be null, in which 
       case it means that no default value is set. 
    legalValues - each contained value must be valid for the openType specified for this 
       attribute; legal values not supported for ArrayType and TabularType; can 
       be null or empty. 

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object obj)

Compares the specified obj parameter with this OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport 
instance for equality. 

Returns true if and only if all of the following statements are true: 

obj is non null, obj also implements the OpenMBeanAttributeInfo interface, 
their names are equal their open types are equal their access properties 
(isReadable, isWritable and isIs) are equal their default, min, max and legal 
values are equal. 

This ensures that this equals method works properly for obj parameters which 
are different implementations of the OpenMBeanAttributeInfo interface. 

    obj - the object to be compared for equality with this OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport 
       instance; 

    Returns: true if the specified object is equal to this OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport 
             instance. 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.getDefaultValue()*

public |java.lang.Object| getDefaultValue()

Returns the default value for the attribute described by this 
OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport instance, if specified, or null otherwise. 


*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.getLegalValues()*

public |java.util.Set| getLegalValues()

Returns an unmodifiable Set of legal values for the attribute described by this 
OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport instance, if specified, or null otherwise. 


*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.getMaxValue()*

public |java.lang.Comparable| getMaxValue()

Returns the maximal value for the attribute described by this 
OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport instance, if specified, or null otherwise. 


*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.getMinValue()*

public |java.lang.Comparable| getMinValue()

Returns the minimal value for the attribute described by this 
OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport instance, if specified, or null otherwise. 


*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.getOpenType()*

public |javax.management.openmbean.OpenType| getOpenType()

Returns the open type for the values of the attribute described by this 
OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport instance. 


*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.hasDefaultValue()*

public boolean hasDefaultValue()

Returns true if this OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport instance specifies a 
non-null default value for the described attribute, false otherwise. 


*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()

Returns the hash code value for this OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport instance. 

The hash code of an OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport instance is the sum of the 
hash codes of all elements of information used in equals comparisons (ie: its 
name, its open type, and its default, min, max and legal values). 

This ensures that t1.equals(t2) implies that t1.hashCode()==t2.hashCode() for 
any two OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport instances t1 and t2, as required by the 
general contract of the method Object.hashCode()(|java.lang.Object|) . 

However, note that another instance of a class implementing the 
OpenMBeanAttributeInfo interface may be equal to this 
OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport instance as defined by 
(|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport|) , but may have a 
different hash code if it is calculated differently. 

As OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport instances are immutable, the hash code for 
this instance is calculated once, on the first call to hashCode, and then the 
same value is returned for subsequent calls. 


    Returns: the hash code value for this OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport instance 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.hasLegalValues()*

public boolean hasLegalValues()

Returns true if this OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport instance specifies a 
non-null set of legal values for the described attribute, false otherwise. 


*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.hasMaxValue()*

public boolean hasMaxValue()

Returns true if this OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport instance specifies a 
non-null maximal value for the described attribute, false otherwise. 


*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.hasMinValue()*

public boolean hasMinValue()

Returns true if this OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport instance specifies a 
non-null minimal value for the described attribute, false otherwise. 


*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.isValue(Object)*

public boolean isValue(java.lang.Object obj)

Tests whether obj is a valid value for the attribute described by this 
OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport instance. 

    obj - the object to be tested. 

    Returns: true if obj is a valid value for for the parameter described by this 
             OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport instance, false otherwise. 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a string representation of this OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport instance. 

The string representation consists of the name of this class (ie 
javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport), the string 
representation of the name and open type of the described parameter, and the 
string representation of its default, min, max and legal values. 

As OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport instances are immutable, the string 
representation for this instance is calculated once, on the first call to 
toString, and then the same value is returned for subsequent calls. 


    Returns: a string representation of this OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport instance 

