*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanOperationInfo* *ModelMBeanOperationInfo* 

public class ModelMBeanOperationInfo
  extends    |javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo|
  implements |javax.management.DescriptorAccess|

|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanOperationInfo_Description|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanOperationInfo_Fields|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanOperationInfo_Constructors|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanOperationInfo_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanOperationInfo_Constructors*
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanOperationInfo(ModelMBeanOperationInfo)|C
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanOperationInfo(String,Method)|Constructs 
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanOperationInfo(String,Method,Descriptor)|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanOperationInfo(String,String,MBeanParameterInfo[],String,int)|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanOperationInfo(String,String,MBeanParameterInfo[],String,int,Descriptor)|

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanOperationInfo_Methods*
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanOperationInfo.clone()|Creates and return
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanOperationInfo.getDescriptor()|Returns a 
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanOperationInfo.setDescriptor(Descriptor)|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanOperationInfo.toString()|Returns a strin

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanOperationInfo_Description*

The ModelMBeanOperationInfo object describes a management operation of the 
ModelMBean. It is a subclass of MBeanOperationInfo with the addition of an 
associated Descriptor and an implementation of the DescriptorAccess interface. 



The fields in the descriptor are defined, but not limited to, the following: 
name : operation name descriptorType : must be "operation" class : class where 
method is defined (fully qualified) role : must be "operation", "getter", or 
"setter targetObject : object on which to execute this method targetType : type 
of object reference for targetObject. Can be: ObjectReference | Handle | 
EJBHandle | IOR | RMIReference. value : cached value for operation 
currencyTimeLimit : how long cached value is valid lastUpdatedTimeStamp : when 
cached value was set visibility : 1-4 where 1: always visible 4: rarely visible 
presentationString : xml formatted string to describe how to present operation 

The default descriptor will have name, descriptorType, displayName and role 
fields set. 

Note: because of inconsistencies in previous versions of this specification, it 
is recommended not to use negative or zero values for currencyTimeLimit. To 
indicate that a cached value is never valid, omit the currencyTimeLimit field. 
To indicate that it is always valid, use a very large number for this field. 


*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanOperationInfo(ModelMBeanOperationInfo)*

public ModelMBeanOperationInfo(javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanOperationInfo inInfo)

Constructs a new ModelMBeanOperationInfo object from this ModelMBeanOperation 
Object. 

    inInfo - the ModelMBeanOperationInfo to be duplicated 

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanOperationInfo(String,Method)*

public ModelMBeanOperationInfo(
  java.lang.String description,
  java.lang.reflect.Method operationMethod)

Constructs a ModelMBeanOperationInfo object with a default descriptor. 

    operationMethod - The java.lang.reflect.Method object describing the MBean operation. 
    description - A human readable description of the operation. 

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanOperationInfo(String,Method,Descriptor)*

public ModelMBeanOperationInfo(
  java.lang.String description,
  java.lang.reflect.Method operationMethod,
  javax.management.Descriptor descriptor)

Constructs a ModelMBeanOperationInfo object. 

    operationMethod - The java.lang.reflect.Method object describing the MBean operation. 
    description - A human readable description of the operation. 
    descriptor - An instance of Descriptor containing the appropriate metadata for this instance 
       of the ModelMBeanOperationInfo. If it is null a default descriptor will 
       be created. If the descriptor does not contain the fields "displayName" 
       or "role" these fields are added in the descriptor with their default 
       values. 

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanOperationInfo(String,String,MBeanParameterInfo[],String,int)*

public ModelMBeanOperationInfo(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String description,
  javax.management.MBeanParameterInfo[] signature,
  java.lang.String type,
  int impact)

Constructs a ModelMBeanOperationInfo object with a default descriptor. 

    name - The name of the method. 
    description - A human readable description of the operation. 
    signature - MBeanParameterInfo objects describing the parameters(arguments) of the method. 
    type - The type of the method's return value. 
    impact - The impact of the method, one of INFO, ACTION, ACTION_INFO, UNKNOWN. 

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanOperationInfo(String,String,MBeanParameterInfo[],String,int,Descriptor)*

public ModelMBeanOperationInfo(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String description,
  javax.management.MBeanParameterInfo[] signature,
  java.lang.String type,
  int impact,
  javax.management.Descriptor descriptor)

Constructs a ModelMBeanOperationInfo object. 

    name - The name of the method. 
    description - A human readable description of the operation. 
    signature - MBeanParameterInfo objects describing the parameters(arguments) of the method. 
    type - The type of the method's return value. 
    impact - The impact of the method, one of INFO, ACTION, ACTION_INFO, UNKNOWN. 
    descriptor - An instance of Descriptor containing the appropriate metadata. for this 
       instance of the MBeanOperationInfo.If it is null then a default 
       descriptor will be created. If the descriptor does not contain the 
       fields "displayName" or "role" these fields are added in the descriptor 
       with their default values. 

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanOperationInfo.clone()*

public |java.lang.Object| clone()

Creates and returns a new ModelMBeanOperationInfo which is a duplicate of this 
ModelMBeanOperationInfo. 


*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanOperationInfo.getDescriptor()*

public |javax.management.Descriptor| getDescriptor()

Returns a copy of the associated Descriptor of the ModelMBeanOperationInfo. 


    Returns: Descriptor associated with the ModelMBeanOperationInfo object. 
*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanOperationInfo.setDescriptor(Descriptor)*

public void setDescriptor(javax.management.Descriptor inDescriptor)

Sets associated Descriptor (full replace) for the ModelMBeanOperationInfo If 
the new Descriptor is null, then the associated Descriptor reverts to a default 
descriptor. The Descriptor is validated before it is assigned. If the new 
Descriptor is invalid, then a RuntimeOperationsException wrapping an 
IllegalArgumentException is thrown. 

    inDescriptor - replaces the Descriptor associated with the ModelMBeanOperation. 

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanOperationInfo.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a string containing the entire contents of the ModelMBeanOperationInfo 
in human readable form. 



