*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole* *AccessibleRole* Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component.

public class AccessibleRole
  extends    |javax.accessibility.AccessibleBundle|

|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_Description|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_Fields|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_Constructors|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_Methods|

====================================================================================================================================================================================

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_Fields*
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.ALERT|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.AWT_COMPONENT|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.CANVAS|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.CHECK_BOX|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.COLOR_CHOOSER|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.COLUMN_HEADER|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.COMBO_BOX|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.DATE_EDITOR|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.DESKTOP_ICON|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.DESKTOP_PANE|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.DIALOG|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.DIRECTORY_PANE|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.EDITBAR|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.FILE_CHOOSER|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.FILLER|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.FONT_CHOOSER|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.FOOTER|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.FRAME|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.GLASS_PANE|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.GROUP_BOX|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.HEADER|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.HYPERLINK|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.ICON|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.INTERNAL_FRAME|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.LABEL|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.LAYERED_PANE|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.LIST|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.LIST_ITEM|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.MENU|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.MENU_BAR|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.MENU_ITEM|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.OPTION_PANE|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PAGE_TAB|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PAGE_TAB_LIST|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PANEL|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PARAGRAPH|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PASSWORD_TEXT|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.POPUP_MENU|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PROGRESS_BAR|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PROGRESS_MONITOR|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PUSH_BUTTON|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.RADIO_BUTTON|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.ROOT_PANE|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.ROW_HEADER|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.RULER|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.SCROLL_BAR|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.SCROLL_PANE|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.SEPARATOR|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.SLIDER|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.SPIN_BOX|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.SPLIT_PANE|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.STATUS_BAR|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.SWING_COMPONENT|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.TABLE|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.TEXT|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.TOGGLE_BUTTON|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.TOOL_BAR|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.TOOL_TIP|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.TREE|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.UNKNOWN|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.VIEWPORT|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.WINDOW|

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_Constructors*
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole(String)|Creates a new AccessibleRole using the given locale independent key.

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_Description*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or "list.") The toDisplayString 
method allows you to obtain the localized string for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys defined in this class. The constants in this class 
present a strongly typed enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should provide constants in 
a similar manner. 



*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.ALERT*

Object is used to alert the user about something. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.AWT_COMPONENT*

An AWT component, but nothing else is known about it. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.CANVAS*

Object that can be drawn into and is used to trap events. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.CHECK_BOX*

A choice that can be checked or unchecked and provides a separate indicator for the current state. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.COLOR_CHOOSER*

A specialized dialog that lets the user choose a color. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.COLUMN_HEADER*

The header for a column of data. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.COMBO_BOX*

A list of choices the user can select from. Also optionally allows the user to enter a choice of their own. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.DATE_EDITOR*

A DATE_EDITOR is a component that allows users to edit java.util.Date and java.util.Time objects 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.DESKTOP_ICON*

An iconified internal frame in a DESKTOP_PANE. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.DESKTOP_PANE*

A pane that supports internal frames and iconified versions of those internal frames. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.DIALOG*

A top level window with title bar and a border. A dialog is similar to a frame, but it has fewer properties and is often used as a secondary window for an application. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.DIRECTORY_PANE*

A pane that allows the user to navigate through and select the contents of a directory. May be used by a file chooser. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.EDITBAR*

A role indicating the object acts as a formula for calculating a value. An example is a formula in a spreadsheet cell. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.FILE_CHOOSER*

A specialized dialog that displays the files in the directory and lets the user select a file, browse a different directory, or specify a filename. May use the directory pane to 
show the contents of a directory. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.FILLER*

An object that fills up space in a user interface. It is often used in interfaces to tweak the spacing between components, but serves no other purpose. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.FONT_CHOOSER*

A FONT_CHOOSER is a component that lets the user pick various attributes for fonts. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.FOOTER*

A text footer 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.FRAME*

A top level window with a title bar, border, menu bar, etc. It is often used as the primary window for an application. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.GLASS_PANE*

A pane that is guaranteed to be painted on top of all panes beneath it. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.GROUP_BOX*

A GROUP_BOX is a simple container that contains a border around it and contains components inside it. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.HEADER*

A text header 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.HYPERLINK*

A hypertext anchor 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.ICON*

A small fixed size picture, typically used to decorate components. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.INTERNAL_FRAME*

A frame-like object that is clipped by a desktop pane. The desktop pane, internal frame, and desktop icon objects are often used to create multiple document interfaces within an 
application. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.LABEL*

An object used to present an icon or short string in an interface. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.LAYERED_PANE*

A specialized pane that allows its children to be drawn in layers, providing a form of stacking order. This is usually the pane that holds the menu bar as well as the pane that 
contains most of the visual components in a window. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.LIST*

An object that presents a list of objects to the user and allows the user to select one or more of them. A list is usually contained within a scroll pane. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.LIST_ITEM*

An object that presents an element in a list. A list is usually contained within a scroll pane. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.MENU*

An object usually found inside a menu bar that contains a list of actions the user can choose from. A menu can have any object as its children, but most often they are menu items, 
other menus, or rudimentary objects such as radio buttons, check boxes, or separators. For example, an application may have an "Edit" menu that contains menu items for "Cut" and 
"Paste." 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.MENU_BAR*

An object usually drawn at the top of the primary dialog box of an application that contains a list of menus the user can choose from. For example, a menu bar might contain menus 
for "File," "Edit," and "Help." 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.MENU_ITEM*

An object usually contained in a menu that presents an action the user can choose. For example, the "Cut" menu item in an "Edit" menu would be an action the user can select to cut 
the selected area of text in a document. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.OPTION_PANE*

A specialized pane whose primary use is inside a DIALOG 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PAGE_TAB*

An object that is a child of a page tab list. Its sole child is the panel that is to be presented to the user when the user selects the page tab from the list of tabs in the page 
tab list. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PAGE_TAB_LIST*

An object that presents a series of panels (or page tabs), one at a time, through some mechanism provided by the object. The most common mechanism is a list of tabs at the top of 
the panel. The children of a page tab list are all page tabs. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PANEL*

A generic container that is often used to group objects. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PARAGRAPH*

A text paragraph 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PASSWORD_TEXT*

A text object used for passwords, or other places where the text contents is not shown visibly to the user 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.POPUP_MENU*

A temporary window that is usually used to offer the user a list of choices, and then hides when the user selects one of those choices. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PROGRESS_BAR*

An object used to indicate how much of a task has been completed. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PROGRESS_MONITOR*

A role indicating the object monitors the progress of some operation. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PUSH_BUTTON*

An object the user can manipulate to tell the application to do something. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.RADIO_BUTTON*

A specialized check box that will cause other radio buttons in the same group to become unchecked when this one is checked. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.ROOT_PANE*

A specialized pane that has a glass pane and a layered pane as its children. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.ROW_HEADER*

The header for a row of data. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.RULER*

A ruler is an object used to measure distance 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.SCROLL_BAR*

An object usually used to allow a user to incrementally view a large amount of data. Usually used only by a scroll pane. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.SCROLL_PANE*

An object that allows a user to incrementally view a large amount of information. Its children can include scroll bars and a viewport. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.SEPARATOR*

An object usually contained in a menu to provide a visual and logical separation of the contents in a menu. For example, the "File" menu of an application might contain menu items 
for "Open," "Close," and "Exit," and will place a separator between "Close" and "Exit" menu items. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.SLIDER*

An object that allows the user to select from a bounded range. For example, a slider might be used to select a number between 0 and 100. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.SPIN_BOX*

A SPIN_BOX is a simple spinner component and its main use is for simple numbers. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.SPLIT_PANE*

A specialized panel that presents two other panels at the same time. Between the two panels is a divider the user can manipulate to make one panel larger and the other panel 
smaller. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.STATUS_BAR*

A STATUS_BAR is an simple component that can contain multiple labels of status information to the user. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.SWING_COMPONENT*

A Swing component, but nothing else is known about it. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.TABLE*

An object used to present information in terms of rows and columns. An example might include a spreadsheet application. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.TEXT*

An object that presents text to the user. The text is usually editable by the user as opposed to a label. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.TOGGLE_BUTTON*

A specialized push button that can be checked or unchecked, but does not provide a separate indicator for the current state. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.TOOL_BAR*

A bar or palette usually composed of push buttons or toggle buttons. It is often used to provide the most frequently used functions for an application. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.TOOL_TIP*

An object that provides information about another object. The accessibleDescription property of the tool tip is often displayed to the user in a small "help bubble" when the user 
causes the mouse to hover over the object associated with the tool tip. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.TREE*

An object used to present hierarchical information to the user. The individual nodes in the tree can be collapsed and expanded to provide selective disclosure of the tree's 
contents. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.UNKNOWN*

The object contains some Accessible information, but its role is not known. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.VIEWPORT*

An object usually used in a scroll pane. It represents the portion of the entire data that the user can see. As the user manipulates the scroll bars, the contents of the viewport 
can change. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.WINDOW*

A top level window with no title or border. 



*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole(String)*

protected AccessibleRole(java.lang.String key)

Creates a new AccessibleRole using the given locale independent key. This should not be a public method. Instead, it is used to create the constants in this file to make it a 
strongly typed enumeration. Subclasses of this class should enforce similar policy. 

The key String should be a locale independent key for the role. It is not intended to be used as the actual String to display to the user. To get the localized string, use 
toDisplayString. 

    key - the locale independent name of the role. 

