*org.omg.CORBA.ServiceInformationHolder* *ServiceInformationHolder* The Holder f

public final class ServiceInformationHolder
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |org.omg.CORBA.portable.Streamable|

|org.omg.CORBA.ServiceInformationHolder_Description|
|org.omg.CORBA.ServiceInformationHolder_Fields|
|org.omg.CORBA.ServiceInformationHolder_Constructors|
|org.omg.CORBA.ServiceInformationHolder_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.omg.CORBA.ServiceInformationHolder_Fields*
|org.omg.CORBA.ServiceInformation_org.omg.CORBA.ServiceInformationHolder.value|

*org.omg.CORBA.ServiceInformationHolder_Constructors*
|org.omg.CORBA.ServiceInformationHolder()|Constructs a new ServiceInformationHo
|org.omg.CORBA.ServiceInformationHolder(ServiceInformation)|Constructs a new Se

*org.omg.CORBA.ServiceInformationHolder_Methods*
|org.omg.CORBA.ServiceInformationHolder._read(InputStream)|Reads unmarshalled d
|org.omg.CORBA.ServiceInformationHolder._type()|Retrieves the TypeCode object t
|org.omg.CORBA.ServiceInformationHolder._write(OutputStream)|Marshals the value

*org.omg.CORBA.ServiceInformationHolder_Description*

The Holder for ServiceInformation. For more information on Holder files, see 
"Generated Files: Holder Files". A Holder class for a ServiceInformation object 
that is used to store "out" and "inout" parameters in IDL methods. If an IDL 
method signature has an IDL xxx as an "out" or "inout" parameter, the 
programmer must pass an instance of ServiceInformationHolder as the 
corresponding parameter in the method invocation; for "inout" parameters, the 
programmer must also fill the "in" value to be sent to the server. Before the 
method invocation returns, the ORB will fill in the value corresponding to the 
"out" value returned from the server. 

If myServiceInformationHolder is an instance of ServiceInformationHolder, the 
value stored in its value field can be accessed with 
myServiceInformationHolder.value. 


*org.omg.CORBA.ServiceInformation_org.omg.CORBA.ServiceInformationHolder.value*

The Holder for ServiceInformation. For more information on Holder files, see 
"Generated Files: Holder Files". A Holder class for a ServiceInformation object 
that is used to store "out" and "inout" parameters in IDL methods. If an IDL 
method signature has an IDL xxx as an "out" or "inout" parameter, the 
programmer must pass an instance of ServiceInformationHolder as the 
corresponding parameter in the method invocation; for "inout" parameters, the 
programmer must also fill the "in" value to be sent to the server. Before the 
method invocation returns, the ORB will fill in the value corresponding to the 
"out" value returned from the server. 

If myServiceInformationHolder is an instance of ServiceInformationHolder, the 
value stored in its value field can be accessed with 
myServiceInformationHolder.value. 



*org.omg.CORBA.ServiceInformationHolder()*

public ServiceInformationHolder()

Constructs a new ServiceInformationHolder object with its value field 
initialized to null. 


*org.omg.CORBA.ServiceInformationHolder(ServiceInformation)*

public ServiceInformationHolder(org.omg.CORBA.ServiceInformation arg)

Constructs a new ServiceInformationHolder object with its value field 
initialized to the given ServiceInformation object. 

    arg - the ServiceInformation object with which to initialize the value field of the 
       newly-created ServiceInformationHolder object 

*org.omg.CORBA.ServiceInformationHolder._read(InputStream)*

public void _read(org.omg.CORBA.portable.InputStream in)

Reads unmarshalled data from the input stream in and assigns it to the value 
field in this ServiceInformationHolder object. 

    in - the InputStream object containing CDR formatted data from the wire 

*org.omg.CORBA.ServiceInformationHolder._type()*

public |org.omg.CORBA.TypeCode| _type()

Retrieves the TypeCode object that corresponds to the value held in this 
ServiceInformationHolder object's value field. 


    Returns: the type code for the value held in this ServiceInformationHolder object 
*org.omg.CORBA.ServiceInformationHolder._write(OutputStream)*

public void _write(org.omg.CORBA.portable.OutputStream out)

Marshals the value in this ServiceInformationHolder object's value field to the 
output stream out. 

    out - the OutputStream object that will contain the CDR formatted data 


