*org.w3c.dom.events.MutationEvent* *MutationEvent* The MutationEvent interface p

public interface interface MutationEvent

  implements |org.w3c.dom.events.Event|

|org.w3c.dom.events.MutationEvent_Description|
|org.w3c.dom.events.MutationEvent_Fields|
|org.w3c.dom.events.MutationEvent_Constructors|
|org.w3c.dom.events.MutationEvent_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.w3c.dom.events.MutationEvent_Fields*
|short_org.w3c.dom.events.MutationEvent.ADDITION|
|short_org.w3c.dom.events.MutationEvent.MODIFICATION|
|short_org.w3c.dom.events.MutationEvent.REMOVAL|

*org.w3c.dom.events.MutationEvent_Methods*
|org.w3c.dom.events.MutationEvent.getAttrChange()|attrChange indicates the type
|org.w3c.dom.events.MutationEvent.getAttrName()|attrName indicates the name of 
|org.w3c.dom.events.MutationEvent.getNewValue()|newValue indicates the new valu
|org.w3c.dom.events.MutationEvent.getPrevValue()|prevValue indicates the previo
|org.w3c.dom.events.MutationEvent.getRelatedNode()|relatedNode is used to ident
|org.w3c.dom.events.MutationEvent.initMutationEvent(String,boolean,boolean,Node,String,String,String,short)|

*org.w3c.dom.events.MutationEvent_Description*

The MutationEvent interface provides specific contextual information associated 
with Mutation events. See also the Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 Events 
Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.events.MutationEvent.ADDITION*

The MutationEvent interface provides specific contextual information associated 
with Mutation events. See also the Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 Events 
Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.events.MutationEvent.MODIFICATION*

The MutationEvent interface provides specific contextual information associated 
with Mutation events. See also the Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 Events 
Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.events.MutationEvent.REMOVAL*

The MutationEvent interface provides specific contextual information associated 
with Mutation events. See also the Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 Events 
Specification. 



*org.w3c.dom.events.MutationEvent.getAttrChange()*

public short getAttrChange()

attrChange indicates the type of change which triggered the DOMAttrModified 
event. The values can be MODIFICATION , ADDITION, or REMOVAL. 


*org.w3c.dom.events.MutationEvent.getAttrName()*

public |java.lang.String| getAttrName()

attrName indicates the name of the changed Attr node in a DOMAttrModified 
event. 


*org.w3c.dom.events.MutationEvent.getNewValue()*

public |java.lang.String| getNewValue()

newValue indicates the new value of the Attr node in DOMAttrModified events, 
and of the CharacterData node in DOMCharDataModified events. 


*org.w3c.dom.events.MutationEvent.getPrevValue()*

public |java.lang.String| getPrevValue()

prevValue indicates the previous value of the Attr node in DOMAttrModified 
events, and of the CharacterData node in DOMCharDataModified events. 


*org.w3c.dom.events.MutationEvent.getRelatedNode()*

public |org.w3c.dom.Node| getRelatedNode()

relatedNode is used to identify a secondary node related to a mutation event. 
For example, if a mutation event is dispatched to a node indicating that its 
parent has changed, the relatedNode is the changed parent. If an event is 
instead dispatched to a subtree indicating a node was changed within it, the 
relatedNode is the changed node. In the case of the DOMAttrModified event it 
indicates the Attr node which was modified, added, or removed. 


*org.w3c.dom.events.MutationEvent.initMutationEvent(String,boolean,boolean,Node,String,String,String,short)*

public void initMutationEvent(
  java.lang.String typeArg,
  boolean canBubbleArg,
  boolean cancelableArg,
  org.w3c.dom.Node relatedNodeArg,
  java.lang.String prevValueArg,
  java.lang.String newValueArg,
  java.lang.String attrNameArg,
  short attrChangeArg)

The initMutationEvent method is used to initialize the value of a MutationEvent 
created through the DocumentEvent interface. This method may only be called 
before the MutationEvent has been dispatched via the dispatchEvent method, 
though it may be called multiple times during that phase if necessary. If 
called multiple times, the final invocation takes precedence. 

    typeArgSpecifies - the event type. 
    canBubbleArgSpecifies - whether or not the event can bubble. 
    cancelableArgSpecifies - whether or not the event's default action can be prevented. 
    relatedNodeArgSpecifies - the Event's related Node. 
    prevValueArgSpecifies - the Event's prevValue attribute. This value may be null. 
    newValueArgSpecifies - the Event's newValue attribute. This value may be null. 
    attrNameArgSpecifies - the Event's attrName attribute. This value may be null. 
    attrChangeArgSpecifies - the Event's attrChange attribute 


