*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement* *HTMLAppletElement* An embedded Java applet

public interface interface HTMLAppletElement

  implements |org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLElement|

|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement_Description|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement_Fields|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement_Constructors|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement_Methods*
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.getAlign()|Aligns this object (vertically o
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.getAlt()|Alternate text for user agents not
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.getArchive()|Comma-separated archive list.
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.getCode()|Applet class file.
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.getCodeBase()|Optional base URI for applet.
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.getHeight()|Override height.
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.getHspace()|Horizontal space to the left an
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.getName()|The name of the applet.
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.getObject()|Serialized applet file.
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.getVspace()|Vertical space above and below 
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.getWidth()|Override width.
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.setAlign(String)|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.setAlt(String)|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.setArchive(String)|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.setCode(String)|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.setCodeBase(String)|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.setHeight(String)|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.setHspace(String)|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.setName(String)|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.setObject(String)|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.setVspace(String)|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.setWidth(String)|

*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement_Description*

An embedded Java applet. See the APPLET element definition in HTML 4.0. This 
element is deprecated in HTML 4.0. See also the Document Object Model (DOM) 
Level 2 Specification. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.getAlign()*

public |java.lang.String| getAlign()

Aligns this object (vertically or horizontally) with respect to its surrounding 
text. See the align attribute definition in HTML 4.0. This attribute is 
deprecated in HTML 4.0. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.getAlt()*

public |java.lang.String| getAlt()

Alternate text for user agents not rendering the normal content of this 
element. See the alt attribute definition in HTML 4.0. This attribute is 
deprecated in HTML 4.0. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.getArchive()*

public |java.lang.String| getArchive()

Comma-separated archive list. See the archive attribute definition in HTML 4.0. 
This attribute is deprecated in HTML 4.0. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.getCode()*

public |java.lang.String| getCode()

Applet class file. See the code attribute definition in HTML 4.0. This 
attribute is deprecated in HTML 4.0. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.getCodeBase()*

public |java.lang.String| getCodeBase()

Optional base URI for applet. See the codebase attribute definition in HTML 
4.0. This attribute is deprecated in HTML 4.0. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.getHeight()*

public |java.lang.String| getHeight()

Override height. See the height attribute definition in HTML 4.0. This 
attribute is deprecated in HTML 4.0. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.getHspace()*

public |java.lang.String| getHspace()

Horizontal space to the left and right of this image, applet, or object. See 
the hspace attribute definition in HTML 4.0. This attribute is deprecated in 
HTML 4.0. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.getName()*

public |java.lang.String| getName()

The name of the applet. See the name attribute definition in HTML 4.0. This 
attribute is deprecated in HTML 4.0. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.getObject()*

public |java.lang.String| getObject()

Serialized applet file. See the object attribute definition in HTML 4.0. This 
attribute is deprecated in HTML 4.0. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.getVspace()*

public |java.lang.String| getVspace()

Vertical space above and below this image, applet, or object. See the vspace 
attribute definition in HTML 4.0. This attribute is deprecated in HTML 4.0. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.getWidth()*

public |java.lang.String| getWidth()

Override width. See the width attribute definition in HTML 4.0. This attribute 
is deprecated in HTML 4.0. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.setAlign(String)*

public void setAlign(java.lang.String align)




*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.setAlt(String)*

public void setAlt(java.lang.String alt)




*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.setArchive(String)*

public void setArchive(java.lang.String archive)




*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.setCode(String)*

public void setCode(java.lang.String code)




*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.setCodeBase(String)*

public void setCodeBase(java.lang.String codeBase)




*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.setHeight(String)*

public void setHeight(java.lang.String height)




*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.setHspace(String)*

public void setHspace(java.lang.String hspace)




*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.setName(String)*

public void setName(java.lang.String name)




*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.setObject(String)*

public void setObject(java.lang.String object)




*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.setVspace(String)*

public void setVspace(java.lang.String vspace)




*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLAppletElement.setWidth(String)*

public void setWidth(java.lang.String width)





