*org.omg.CORBA.PrincipalHolder* *PrincipalHolder* The Holder for Principal.

public final class PrincipalHolder
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |org.omg.CORBA.portable.Streamable|

|org.omg.CORBA.PrincipalHolder_Description|
|org.omg.CORBA.PrincipalHolder_Fields|
|org.omg.CORBA.PrincipalHolder_Constructors|
|org.omg.CORBA.PrincipalHolder_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.omg.CORBA.PrincipalHolder_Fields*
|org.omg.CORBA.Principal_org.omg.CORBA.PrincipalHolder.value|

*org.omg.CORBA.PrincipalHolder_Constructors*
|org.omg.CORBA.PrincipalHolder()|Constructs a new PrincipalHolder object with i
|org.omg.CORBA.PrincipalHolder(Principal)|Constructs a new PrincipalHolder obje

*org.omg.CORBA.PrincipalHolder_Methods*
|org.omg.CORBA.PrincipalHolder._read(InputStream)|
|org.omg.CORBA.PrincipalHolder._type()|
|org.omg.CORBA.PrincipalHolder._write(OutputStream)|

*org.omg.CORBA.PrincipalHolder_Description*

The Holder for Principal. For more information on Holder files, see "Generated 
Files: Holder Files". A container class for values of type Principal that is 
used to store "out" and "inout" parameters in IDL methods. If an IDL method 
signature has an IDL Principal as an "out" or "inout" parameter, the programmer 
must pass an instance of PrincipalHolder as the corresponding parameter in the 
method invocation; for "inout" parameters, the programmer must also fill the 
"in" value to be sent to the server. Before the method invocation returns, the 
ORB will fill in the value corresponding to the "out" value returned from the 
server. 

If myPrincipalHolder is an instance of PrincipalHolder, the value stored in its 
value field can be accessed with myPrincipalHolder.value. 


*org.omg.CORBA.Principal_org.omg.CORBA.PrincipalHolder.value*

The Holder for Principal. For more information on Holder files, see "Generated 
Files: Holder Files". A container class for values of type Principal that is 
used to store "out" and "inout" parameters in IDL methods. If an IDL method 
signature has an IDL Principal as an "out" or "inout" parameter, the programmer 
must pass an instance of PrincipalHolder as the corresponding parameter in the 
method invocation; for "inout" parameters, the programmer must also fill the 
"in" value to be sent to the server. Before the method invocation returns, the 
ORB will fill in the value corresponding to the "out" value returned from the 
server. 

If myPrincipalHolder is an instance of PrincipalHolder, the value stored in its 
value field can be accessed with myPrincipalHolder.value. 



*org.omg.CORBA.PrincipalHolder()*

public PrincipalHolder()

Constructs a new PrincipalHolder object with its value field initialized to 
null. 


*org.omg.CORBA.PrincipalHolder(Principal)*

public PrincipalHolder(org.omg.CORBA.Principal initial)

Constructs a new PrincipalHolder object with its value field initialized to the 
given Principal object. 

    initial - the Principal with which to initialize the value field of the newly-created 
       PrincipalHolder object 

*org.omg.CORBA.PrincipalHolder._read(InputStream)*

public void _read(org.omg.CORBA.portable.InputStream input)




*org.omg.CORBA.PrincipalHolder._type()*

public |org.omg.CORBA.TypeCode| _type()




*org.omg.CORBA.PrincipalHolder._write(OutputStream)*

public void _write(org.omg.CORBA.portable.OutputStream output)





