*org.w3c.dom.stylesheets.StyleSheet* *StyleSheet* The StyleSheet interface is th

public interface interface StyleSheet


|org.w3c.dom.stylesheets.StyleSheet_Description|
|org.w3c.dom.stylesheets.StyleSheet_Fields|
|org.w3c.dom.stylesheets.StyleSheet_Constructors|
|org.w3c.dom.stylesheets.StyleSheet_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.w3c.dom.stylesheets.StyleSheet_Methods*
|org.w3c.dom.stylesheets.StyleSheet.getDisabled()|false if the style sheet is a
|org.w3c.dom.stylesheets.StyleSheet.getHref()|If the style sheet is a linked st
|org.w3c.dom.stylesheets.StyleSheet.getMedia()|The intended destination media f
|org.w3c.dom.stylesheets.StyleSheet.getOwnerNode()|The node that associates thi
|org.w3c.dom.stylesheets.StyleSheet.getParentStyleSheet()|For style sheet langu
|org.w3c.dom.stylesheets.StyleSheet.getTitle()|The advisory title.
|org.w3c.dom.stylesheets.StyleSheet.getType()|This specifies the style sheet la
|org.w3c.dom.stylesheets.StyleSheet.setDisabled(boolean)|

*org.w3c.dom.stylesheets.StyleSheet_Description*

The StyleSheet interface is the abstract base interface for any type of style 
sheet. It represents a single style sheet associated with a structured 
document. In HTML, the StyleSheet interface represents either an external style 
sheet, included via the HTML LINK element, or an inline STYLE element. In XML, 
this interface represents an external style sheet, included via a style sheet 
processing instruction. See also the Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 Style 
Specification. 


*org.w3c.dom.stylesheets.StyleSheet.getDisabled()*

public boolean getDisabled()

false if the style sheet is applied to the document. true if it is not. 
Modifying this attribute may cause a new resolution of style for the document. 
A stylesheet only applies if both an appropriate medium definition is present 
and the disabled attribute is false. So, if the media doesn't apply to the 
current user agent, the disabled attribute is ignored. 


*org.w3c.dom.stylesheets.StyleSheet.getHref()*

public |java.lang.String| getHref()

If the style sheet is a linked style sheet, the value of its attribute is its 
location. For inline style sheets, the value of this attribute is null. See the 
href attribute definition for the LINK element in HTML 4.0, and the href 
pseudo-attribute for the XML style sheet processing instruction. 


*org.w3c.dom.stylesheets.StyleSheet.getMedia()*

public |org.w3c.dom.stylesheets.MediaList| getMedia()

The intended destination media for style information. The media is often 
specified in the ownerNode. If no media has been specified, the MediaList will 
be empty. See the media attribute definition for the LINK element in HTML 4.0, 
and the media pseudo-attribute for the XML style sheet processing instruction . 
Modifying the media list may cause a change to the attribute disabled. 


*org.w3c.dom.stylesheets.StyleSheet.getOwnerNode()*

public |org.w3c.dom.Node| getOwnerNode()

The node that associates this style sheet with the document. For HTML, this may 
be the corresponding LINK or STYLE element. For XML, it may be the linking 
processing instruction. For style sheets that are included by other style 
sheets, the value of this attribute is null. 


*org.w3c.dom.stylesheets.StyleSheet.getParentStyleSheet()*

public |org.w3c.dom.stylesheets.StyleSheet| getParentStyleSheet()

For style sheet languages that support the concept of style sheet inclusion, 
this attribute represents the including style sheet, if one exists. If the 
style sheet is a top-level style sheet, or the style sheet language does not 
support inclusion, the value of this attribute is null. 


*org.w3c.dom.stylesheets.StyleSheet.getTitle()*

public |java.lang.String| getTitle()

The advisory title. The title is often specified in the ownerNode. See the 
title attribute definition for the LINK element in HTML 4.0, and the title 
pseudo-attribute for the XML style sheet processing instruction. 


*org.w3c.dom.stylesheets.StyleSheet.getType()*

public |java.lang.String| getType()

This specifies the style sheet language for this style sheet. The style sheet 
language is specified as a content type (e.g. "text/css"). The content type is 
often specified in the ownerNode. Also see the type attribute definition for 
the LINK element in HTML 4.0, and the type pseudo-attribute for the XML style 
sheet processing instruction. 


*org.w3c.dom.stylesheets.StyleSheet.setDisabled(boolean)*

public void setDisabled(boolean disabled)





