*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSStyleDeclaration* *CSSStyleDeclaration* The CSSStyleDeclarat

public interface interface CSSStyleDeclaration


|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSStyleDeclaration_Description|
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSStyleDeclaration_Fields|
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSStyleDeclaration_Constructors|
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSStyleDeclaration_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSStyleDeclaration_Methods*
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSStyleDeclaration.getCssText()|The parsable textual represen
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSStyleDeclaration.getLength()|The number of properties that 
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSStyleDeclaration.getParentRule()|The CSS rule that contains
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSStyleDeclaration.getPropertyCSSValue(String)|Used to retrie
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSStyleDeclaration.getPropertyPriority(String)|Used to retrie
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSStyleDeclaration.getPropertyValue(String)|Used to retrieve 
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSStyleDeclaration.item(int)|Used to retrieve the properties 
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSStyleDeclaration.removeProperty(String)|Used to remove a CS
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSStyleDeclaration.setCssText(String)|
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSStyleDeclaration.setProperty(String,String,String)|Used to 

*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSStyleDeclaration_Description*

The CSSStyleDeclaration interface represents a single CSS declaration block. 
This interface may be used to determine the style properties currently set in a 
block or to set style properties explicitly within the block. While an 
implementation may not recognize all CSS properties within a CSS declaration 
block, it is expected to provide access to all specified properties in the 
style sheet through the CSSStyleDeclaration interface. Furthermore, 
implementations that support a specific level of CSS should correctly handle 
CSS shorthand properties for that level. For a further discussion of shorthand 
properties, see the CSS2Properties interface. This interface is also used to 
provide a read-only access to the computed values of an element. See also the 
ViewCSS interface. The CSS Object Model doesn't provide an access to the 
specified or actual values of the CSS cascade. See also the Document Object 
Model (DOM) Level 2 Style Specification. 


*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSStyleDeclaration.getCssText()*

public |java.lang.String| getCssText()

The parsable textual representation of the declaration block (excluding the 
surrounding curly braces). Setting this attribute will result in the parsing of 
the new value and resetting of all the properties in the declaration block 
including the removal or addition of properties. 


*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSStyleDeclaration.getLength()*

public int getLength()

The number of properties that have been explicitly set in this declaration 
block. The range of valid indices is 0 to length-1 inclusive. 


*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSStyleDeclaration.getParentRule()*

public |org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule| getParentRule()

The CSS rule that contains this declaration block or null if this 
CSSStyleDeclaration is not attached to a CSSRule. 


*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSStyleDeclaration.getPropertyCSSValue(String)*

public |org.w3c.dom.css.CSSValue| getPropertyCSSValue(java.lang.String propertyName)

Used to retrieve the object representation of the value of a CSS property if it 
has been explicitly set within this declaration block. This method returns null 
if the property is a shorthand property. Shorthand property values can only be 
accessed and modified as strings, using the getPropertyValue and setProperty 
methods. 

    propertyName - The name of the CSS property. See the CSS property index. 

    Returns: Returns the value of the property if it has been explicitly set for this 
             declaration block. Returns null if the property has not been set. 
*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSStyleDeclaration.getPropertyPriority(String)*

public |java.lang.String| getPropertyPriority(java.lang.String propertyName)

Used to retrieve the priority of a CSS property (e.g. the "important" 
qualifier) if the property has been explicitly set in this declaration block. 

    propertyName - The name of the CSS property. See the CSS property index. 

    Returns: A string representing the priority (e.g. "important") if one exists. The empty 
             string if none exists. 
*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSStyleDeclaration.getPropertyValue(String)*

public |java.lang.String| getPropertyValue(java.lang.String propertyName)

Used to retrieve the value of a CSS property if it has been explicitly set 
within this declaration block. 

    propertyName - The name of the CSS property. See the CSS property index. 

    Returns: Returns the value of the property if it has been explicitly set for this 
             declaration block. Returns the empty string if the property has 
             not been set. 
*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSStyleDeclaration.item(int)*

public |java.lang.String| item(int index)

Used to retrieve the properties that have been explicitly set in this 
declaration block. The order of the properties retrieved using this method does 
not have to be the order in which they were set. This method can be used to 
iterate over all properties in this declaration block. 

    index - Index of the property name to retrieve. 

    Returns: The name of the property at this ordinal position. The empty string if no 
             property exists at this position. 
*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSStyleDeclaration.removeProperty(String)*

public |java.lang.String| removeProperty(java.lang.String propertyName)
  throws |org.w3c.dom.DOMException|
         
Used to remove a CSS property if it has been explicitly set within this 
declaration block. 

    propertyName - The name of the CSS property. See the CSS property index. 

    Returns: Returns the value of the property if it has been explicitly set for this 
             declaration block. Returns the empty string if the property has 
             not been set or the property name does not correspond to a known 
             CSS property. 
*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSStyleDeclaration.setCssText(String)*

public void setCssText(java.lang.String cssText)
  throws |org.w3c.dom.DOMException|
         



*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSStyleDeclaration.setProperty(String,String,String)*

public void setProperty(
  java.lang.String propertyName,
  java.lang.String value,
  java.lang.String priority)
  throws |org.w3c.dom.DOMException|
         
Used to set a property value and priority within this declaration block. 

    propertyName - The name of the CSS property. See the CSS property index. 
    value - The new value of the property. 
    priority - The new priority of the property (e.g. "important"). 


