*org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl* *AttributeListImpl* Default implementati

public class AttributeListImpl
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |org.xml.sax.AttributeList|

|org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl_Description|
|org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl_Fields|
|org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl_Constructors|
|org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl_Constructors*
|org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl()|Create an empty attribute list.
|org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl(AttributeList)|Construct a persistent co

*org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl_Methods*
|org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl.addAttribute(String,String,String)|Add a
|org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl.clear()|Clear the attribute list.
|org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl.getLength()|Return the number of attribu
|org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl.getName(int)|Get the name of an attribut
|org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl.getType(int)|Get the type of an attribut
|org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl.getType(String)|Get the type of an attri
|org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl.getValue(int)|Get the value of an attrib
|org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl.getValue(String)|Get the value of an att
|org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl.removeAttribute(String)|Remove an attrib
|org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl.setAttributeList(AttributeList)|Set the 

*org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl_Description*

Default implementation for AttributeList. 

This module, both source code and documentation, is in the Public Domain, and 
comes with NO WARRANTY. See http://www.saxproject.org for further information. 

AttributeList implements the deprecated SAX1 
AttributeList(|org.xml.sax.AttributeList|) interface, and has been replaced by 
the new SAX2 AttributesImpl(|org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributesImpl|) interface. 

This class provides a convenience implementation of the SAX 
AttributeList(|org.xml.sax.AttributeList|) interface. This implementation is 
useful both for SAX parser writers, who can use it to provide attributes to the 
application, and for SAX application writers, who can use it to create a 
persistent copy of an element's attribute specifications: 



private AttributeList myatts; 

public void startElement (String name, AttributeList atts) { // create a 
persistent copy of the attribute list // for use outside this method myatts = 
new AttributeListImpl(atts); [...] } 

Please note that SAX parsers are not required to use this class to provide an 
implementation of AttributeList; it is supplied only as an optional 
convenience. In particular, parser writers are encouraged to invent more 
efficient implementations. 


*org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl()*

public AttributeListImpl()

Create an empty attribute list. 

This constructor is most useful for parser writers, who will use it to create a 
single, reusable attribute list that can be reset with the clear method between 
elements. 


*org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl(AttributeList)*

public AttributeListImpl(org.xml.sax.AttributeList atts)

Construct a persistent copy of an existing attribute list. 

This constructor is most useful for application writers, who will use it to 
create a persistent copy of an existing attribute list. 

    atts - The attribute list to copy 

*org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl.addAttribute(String,String,String)*

public void addAttribute(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String type,
  java.lang.String value)

Add an attribute to an attribute list. 

This method is provided for SAX parser writers, to allow them to build up an 
attribute list incrementally before delivering it to the application. 

    name - The attribute name. 
    type - The attribute type ("NMTOKEN" for an enumeration). 
    value - The attribute value (must not be null). 

*org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl.clear()*

public void clear()

Clear the attribute list. 

SAX parser writers can use this method to reset the attribute list between 
DocumentHandler.startElement events. Normally, it will make sense to reuse the 
same AttributeListImpl object rather than allocating a new one each time. 


*org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl.getLength()*

public int getLength()

Return the number of attributes in the list. 


    Returns: The number of attributes in the list. 
*org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl.getName(int)*

public |java.lang.String| getName(int i)

Get the name of an attribute (by position). 

    i - The position of the attribute in the list. 

    Returns: The attribute name as a string, or null if there is no attribute at that 
             position. 
*org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl.getType(int)*

public |java.lang.String| getType(int i)

Get the type of an attribute (by position). 

    i - The position of the attribute in the list. 

    Returns: The attribute type as a string ("NMTOKEN" for an enumeration, and "CDATA" if no 
             declaration was read), or null if there is no attribute at that 
             position. 
*org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl.getType(String)*

public |java.lang.String| getType(java.lang.String name)

Get the type of an attribute (by name). 

    name - The attribute name. 

    Returns: The attribute type as a string ("NMTOKEN" for an enumeration, and "CDATA" if no 
             declaration was read). 
*org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl.getValue(int)*

public |java.lang.String| getValue(int i)

Get the value of an attribute (by position). 

    i - The position of the attribute in the list. 

    Returns: The attribute value as a string, or null if there is no attribute at that 
             position. 
*org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl.getValue(String)*

public |java.lang.String| getValue(java.lang.String name)

Get the value of an attribute (by name). 

    name - The attribute name. 

*org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl.removeAttribute(String)*

public void removeAttribute(java.lang.String name)

Remove an attribute from the list. 

SAX application writers can use this method to filter an attribute out of an 
AttributeList. Note that invoking this method will change the length of the 
attribute list and some of the attribute's indices. 

If the requested attribute is not in the list, this is a no-op. 

    name - The attribute name. 

*org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl.setAttributeList(AttributeList)*

public void setAttributeList(org.xml.sax.AttributeList atts)

Set the attribute list, discarding previous contents. 

This method allows an application writer to reuse an attribute list easily. 

    atts - The attribute list to copy. 


