*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement* *HTMLObjectElement* Generic embedded object

public interface interface HTMLObjectElement

  implements |org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLElement|

|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement_Description|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement_Fields|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement_Constructors|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement_Methods*
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getAlign()|Aligns this object (vertically o
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getArchive()|Space-separated list of archiv
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getBorder()|Width of border around the obje
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getCode()|Applet class file.
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getCodeBase()|Base URI for classid , data ,
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getCodeType()|Content type for data downloa
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getContentDocument()|The document this obje
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getData()|A URI specifying the location of 
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getDeclare()|Declare (for future reference)
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getForm()|Returns the FORM element containi
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getHeight()|Override height.
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getHspace()|Horizontal space to the left an
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getName()|Form control or object name when 
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getStandby()|Message to render while loadin
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getTabIndex()|Index that represents the ele
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getType()|Content type for data downloaded 
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getUseMap()|Use client-side image map.
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getVspace()|Vertical space above and below 
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getWidth()|Override width.
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setAlign(String)|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setArchive(String)|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setBorder(String)|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setCode(String)|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setCodeBase(String)|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setCodeType(String)|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setData(String)|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setDeclare(boolean)|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setHeight(String)|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setHspace(String)|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setName(String)|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setStandby(String)|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setTabIndex(int)|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setType(String)|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setUseMap(String)|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setVspace(String)|
|org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setWidth(String)|

*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement_Description*

Generic embedded object. Note. In principle, all properties on the object 
element are read-write but in some environments some properties may be 
read-only once the underlying object is instantiated. See the OBJECT element 
definition in HTML 4.0. See also the Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 
Specification. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getAlign()*

public |java.lang.String| getAlign()

Aligns this object (vertically or horizontally) with respect to its surrounding 
text. See the align attribute definition in HTML 4.0. This attribute is 
deprecated in HTML 4.0. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getArchive()*

public |java.lang.String| getArchive()

Space-separated list of archives. See the archive attribute definition in HTML 
4.0. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getBorder()*

public |java.lang.String| getBorder()

Width of border around the object. See the border attribute definition in HTML 
4.0. This attribute is deprecated in HTML 4.0. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getCode()*

public |java.lang.String| getCode()

Applet class file. See the code attribute for HTMLAppletElement. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getCodeBase()*

public |java.lang.String| getCodeBase()

Base URI for classid , data , and archive attributes. See the codebase 
attribute definition in HTML 4.0. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getCodeType()*

public |java.lang.String| getCodeType()

Content type for data downloaded via classid attribute. See the codetype 
attribute definition in HTML 4.0. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getContentDocument()*

public |org.w3c.dom.Document| getContentDocument()

The document this object contains, if there is any and it is available, or null 
otherwise. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getData()*

public |java.lang.String| getData()

A URI specifying the location of the object's data. See the data attribute 
definition in HTML 4.0. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getDeclare()*

public boolean getDeclare()

Declare (for future reference), but do not instantiate, this object. See the 
declare attribute definition in HTML 4.0. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getForm()*

public |org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLFormElement| getForm()

Returns the FORM element containing this control. Returns null if this control 
is not within the context of a form. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getHeight()*

public |java.lang.String| getHeight()

Override height. See the height attribute definition in HTML 4.0. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getHspace()*

public |java.lang.String| getHspace()

Horizontal space to the left and right of this image, applet, or object. See 
the hspace attribute definition in HTML 4.0. This attribute is deprecated in 
HTML 4.0. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getName()*

public |java.lang.String| getName()

Form control or object name when submitted with a form. See the name attribute 
definition in HTML 4.0. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getStandby()*

public |java.lang.String| getStandby()

Message to render while loading the object. See the standby attribute 
definition in HTML 4.0. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getTabIndex()*

public int getTabIndex()

Index that represents the element's position in the tabbing order. See the 
tabindex attribute definition in HTML 4.0. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getType()*

public |java.lang.String| getType()

Content type for data downloaded via data attribute. See the type attribute 
definition in HTML 4.0. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getUseMap()*

public |java.lang.String| getUseMap()

Use client-side image map. See the usemap attribute definition in HTML 4.0. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getVspace()*

public |java.lang.String| getVspace()

Vertical space above and below this image, applet, or object. See the vspace 
attribute definition in HTML 4.0. This attribute is deprecated in HTML 4.0. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.getWidth()*

public |java.lang.String| getWidth()

Override width. See the width attribute definition in HTML 4.0. 


*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setAlign(String)*

public void setAlign(java.lang.String align)




*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setArchive(String)*

public void setArchive(java.lang.String archive)




*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setBorder(String)*

public void setBorder(java.lang.String border)




*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setCode(String)*

public void setCode(java.lang.String code)




*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setCodeBase(String)*

public void setCodeBase(java.lang.String codeBase)




*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setCodeType(String)*

public void setCodeType(java.lang.String codeType)




*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setData(String)*

public void setData(java.lang.String data)




*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setDeclare(boolean)*

public void setDeclare(boolean declare)




*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setHeight(String)*

public void setHeight(java.lang.String height)




*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setHspace(String)*

public void setHspace(java.lang.String hspace)




*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setName(String)*

public void setName(java.lang.String name)




*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setStandby(String)*

public void setStandby(java.lang.String standby)




*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setTabIndex(int)*

public void setTabIndex(int tabIndex)




*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setType(String)*

public void setType(java.lang.String type)




*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setUseMap(String)*

public void setUseMap(java.lang.String useMap)




*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setVspace(String)*

public void setVspace(java.lang.String vspace)




*org.w3c.dom.html.HTMLObjectElement.setWidth(String)*

public void setWidth(java.lang.String width)





