*org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject* *LocalObject* Used as a base class for implementatio

public class LocalObject
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |org.omg.CORBA.Object|

|org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject_Description|
|org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject_Fields|
|org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject_Constructors|
|org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject_Constructors*
|org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject()|Constructs a default LocalObject instance.

*org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject_Methods*
|org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._create_request(Context,String,NVList,NamedValue)|Th
|org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._create_request(Context,String,NVList,NamedValue,ExceptionList,ContextList)|
|org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._duplicate()|Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IMPLEMENT ex
|org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._get_domain_managers()|Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IM
|org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._get_interface_def()|Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IMPL
|org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._get_interface()|Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IMPLEMEN
|org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._get_policy(int)|Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IMPLEMEN
|org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._hash(int)|Returns a hash value that is consistent f
|org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._invoke(OutputStream)|Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IMP
|org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._is_a(String)|Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IMPLEMENT e
|org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._is_equivalent(Object)|Determines whether the two ob
|org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._is_local()|Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IMPLEMENT exc
|org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._non_existent()|Always returns false.
|org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._orb()|Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IMPLEMENT exceptio
|org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._release()|Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IMPLEMENT exce
|org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._releaseReply(InputStream)|Throws an org.omg.CORBA.N
|org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._request(String)|Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IMPLEMEN
|org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._request(String,boolean)|Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_
|org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._servant_postinvoke(ServantObject)|Throws an org.omg
|org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._servant_preinvoke(String,Class)|Throws an org.omg.C
|org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._set_policy_override(Policy[],SetOverrideType)|Throw
|org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject.validate_connection()|Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IMP

*org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject_Description*

Used as a base class for implementation of a local IDL interface in the Java 
language mapping. It is a class which implements all the operations in the 
org.omg.CORBA.Object interface. Local interfaces are implemented by using 
CORBA::LocalObject to provide implementations of Object pseudo operations and 
any other ORB-specific support mechanisms that are appropriate for such 
objects. Object implementation techniques are inherently language-mapping 
specific. Therefore, the LocalObject type is not defined in IDL, but is 
specified in each language mapping. Methods that do not apply to local objects 
throw an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IMPLEMENT exception with the message, "This is a 
locally contrained object." Attempting to use a LocalObject to create a DII 
request results in NO_IMPLEMENT system exception. Attempting to marshal or 
stringify a LocalObject results in a MARSHAL system exception. Narrowing and 
widening references to LocalObjects must work as for regular object references. 
LocalObject is to be used as the base class of locally constrained objects, 
such as those in the PortableServer module. The specification here is based on 
the CORBA Components Volume I - orbos/99-07-01 


*org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject()*

public LocalObject()

Constructs a default LocalObject instance. 


*org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._create_request(Context,String,NVList,NamedValue)*

public |org.omg.CORBA.Request| _create_request(
  org.omg.CORBA.Context ctx,
  java.lang.String operation,
  org.omg.CORBA.NVList arg_list,
  org.omg.CORBA.NamedValue result)

Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IMPLEMENT exception with the message "This is a 
locally constrained object." This method is the default implementation of the 
org.omg.CORBA.Object method. 

    ctx - a Context object containing a list of properties 
    operation - the String representing the name of the method to be invoked 
    arg_list - an NVList containing the actual arguments to the method being invoked 
    result - a NamedValue object to serve as a container for the method's return value 

    Returns: a new Request object initialized with the given arguments 
*org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._create_request(Context,String,NVList,NamedValue,ExceptionList,ContextList)*

public |org.omg.CORBA.Request| _create_request(
  org.omg.CORBA.Context ctx,
  java.lang.String operation,
  org.omg.CORBA.NVList arg_list,
  org.omg.CORBA.NamedValue result,
  org.omg.CORBA.ExceptionList exceptions,
  org.omg.CORBA.ContextList contexts)

Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IMPLEMENT exception with the message "This is a 
locally constrained object." This method is the default implementation of the 
org.omg.CORBA.Object method. 

    ctx - a Context object containing a list of properties 
    operation - the name of the method to be invoked 
    arg_list - an NVList containing the actual arguments to the method being invoked 
    result - a NamedValue object to serve as a container for the method's return value 
    exceptions - an ExceptionList object containing a list of possible exceptions the method can 
       throw 
    contexts - a ContextList object containing a list of context strings that need to be 
       resolved and sent with the Request instance 

    Returns: the new Request object initialized with the given arguments 
*org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._duplicate()*

public |org.omg.CORBA.Object| _duplicate()

Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IMPLEMENT exception with the message "This is a 
locally constrained object." This method is the default implementation of the 
org.omg.CORBA.Object method. 


    Returns: a duplicate of this LocalObject instance. 
*org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._get_domain_managers()*

public |org.omg.CORBA.DomainManager| _get_domain_managers()

Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IMPLEMENT exception with the message "This is a 
locally constrained object." This method does not apply to local objects and is 
therefore not implemented. This method is the default implementation of the 
org.omg.CORBA.Object method. 


*org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._get_interface_def()*

public |org.omg.CORBA.Object| _get_interface_def()

Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IMPLEMENT exception with the message "This is a 
locally constrained object." This method is the default implementation of the 
org.omg.CORBA.Object method. 


*org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._get_interface()*

public |org.omg.CORBA.Object| _get_interface()

Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IMPLEMENT exception with the message "This is a 
locally constrained object." This method does not apply to local objects and is 
therefore not implemented. This method is the default implementation of the 
org.omg.CORBA.Object method. 


    Returns: NO_IMPLEMENT because this is a locally constrained object and this method does 
             not apply to local objects 
*org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._get_policy(int)*

public |org.omg.CORBA.Policy| _get_policy(int policy_type)

Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IMPLEMENT exception with the message "This is a 
locally constrained object." This method does not apply to local objects and is 
therefore not implemented. This method is the default implementation of the 
org.omg.CORBA.Object method. 

    policy_type - 

    Returns: NO_IMPLEMENT because this is a locally constrained object and this method does 
             not apply to local objects 
*org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._hash(int)*

public int _hash(int maximum)

Returns a hash value that is consistent for the lifetime of the object, using 
the given number as the maximum. This method is the default implementation of 
the org.omg.CORBA.Object method. 

    maximum - an int identifying maximum value of the hashcode 

    Returns: this instance's hashcode 
*org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._invoke(OutputStream)*

public |org.omg.CORBA.portable.InputStream| _invoke(org.omg.CORBA.portable.OutputStream output)
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.portable.ApplicationException|
         |org.omg.CORBA.portable.RemarshalException|
         
Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IMPLEMENT exception with the message "This is a 
locally constrained object." This method is the default implementation of the 
org.omg.CORBA.Object method. Called to invoke an operation. The stub provides 
an OutputStream that was previously returned by a _request() call. _invoke 
returns an InputStream which contains the marshaled reply. If an exception 
occurs, _invoke may throw an ApplicationException object which contains an 
InputStream from which the user exception state may be unmarshaled. 

    output - the OutputStream to invoke 

    Returns: NO_IMPLEMENT because this is a locally constrained object and this method does 
             not apply to local objects 
*org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._is_a(String)*

public boolean _is_a(java.lang.String repository_id)

Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IMPLEMENT exception with the message "This is a 
locally constrained object." This method does not apply to local objects and is 
therefore not implemented. This method is the default implementation of the 
org.omg.CORBA.Object method. 

    repository_id - a String 

    Returns: NO_IMPLEMENT because this is a locally constrained object and this method does 
             not apply to local objects 
*org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._is_equivalent(Object)*

public boolean _is_equivalent(org.omg.CORBA.Object that)

Determines whether the two object references are equivalent, so far as the ORB 
can easily determine. Two object references are equivalent if they are 
identical. Two distinct object references which in fact refer to the same 
object are also equivalent. However, ORBs are not required to attempt 
determination of whether two distinct object references refer to the same 
object, since such determination could be impractically expensive. Default 
implementation of the org.omg.CORBA.Object method. 

    that - the object reference with which to check for equivalence 

    Returns: true if this object reference is known to be equivalent to the given object 
             reference. Note that false indicates only that the two object 
             references are distinct, not necessarily that they reference 
             distinct objects. 
*org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._is_local()*

public boolean _is_local()

Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IMPLEMENT exception with the message "This is a 
locally constrained object." This method is the default implementation of the 
org.omg.CORBA.Object method. Returns true for this LocalObject instance. 


    Returns: 
*org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._non_existent()*

public boolean _non_existent()

Always returns false. This method is the default implementation of the 
org.omg.CORBA.Object method. 


    Returns: 
*org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._orb()*

public |org.omg.CORBA.ORB| _orb()

Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IMPLEMENT exception with the message "This is a 
locally constrained object." This method is the default implementation of the 
org.omg.CORBA.Object method. 


    Returns: the ORB instance that created the Delegate contained in this ObjectImpl 
*org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._release()*

public void _release()

Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IMPLEMENT exception with the message "This is a 
locally constrained object." This method is the default implementation of the 
org.omg.CORBA.Object method. 


*org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._releaseReply(InputStream)*

public void _releaseReply(org.omg.CORBA.portable.InputStream input)

Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IMPLEMENT exception with the message "This is a 
locally constrained object." This method is the default implementation of the 
org.omg.CORBA.Object method. May optionally be called by a stub to release a 
reply stream back to the ORB when the unmarshaling has completed. The stub 
passes the InputStream returned by _invoke() or 
ApplicationException.getInputStream(). A null value may also be passed to 
_releaseReply, in which case the method is a no-op. 

    input - the reply stream back to the ORB or null 

*org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._request(String)*

public |org.omg.CORBA.Request| _request(java.lang.String operation)

Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IMPLEMENT exception with the message "This is a 
locally constrained object." This method is the default implementation of the 
org.omg.CORBA.Object method. 

    operation - a String giving the name of an operation to be performed by the request that is 
       returned 

    Returns: a Request object with the given operation 
*org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._request(String,boolean)*

public |org.omg.CORBA.portable.OutputStream| _request(
  java.lang.String operation,
  boolean responseExpected)

Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IMPLEMENT exception with the message "This is a 
locally constrained object." This method is the default implementation of the 
org.omg.CORBA.Object method. Called by a stub to obtain an OutputStream for 
marshaling arguments. The stub must supply the operation name, and indicate if 
a response is expected (i.e is this a oneway call). 

    operation - the name of the operation being requested 
    responseExpected - true if a response is expected, false if it is a one-way call 

    Returns: NO_IMPLEMENT because this is a locally constrained object and this method does 
             not apply to local objects 
*org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._servant_postinvoke(ServantObject)*

public void _servant_postinvoke(org.omg.CORBA.portable.ServantObject servant)

Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IMPLEMENT exception with the message "This is a 
locally constrained object." This method is the default implementation of the 
org.omg.CORBA.Object method. 

    servant - the servant object on which to post-invoke 

*org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._servant_preinvoke(String,Class)*

public |org.omg.CORBA.portable.ServantObject| _servant_preinvoke(
  java.lang.String operation,
  java.lang.Class expectedType)

Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IMPLEMENT exception with the message "This is a 
locally constrained object." This method is the default implementation of the 
org.omg.CORBA.Object method. 

    operation - a String indicating which operation to preinvoke 
    expectedType - the class of the type of operation mentioned above 

    Returns: NO_IMPLEMENT because this is a locally constrained object and this method does 
             not apply to local objects 
*org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject._set_policy_override(Policy[],SetOverrideType)*

public |org.omg.CORBA.Object| _set_policy_override(
  org.omg.CORBA.Policy[] policies,
  org.omg.CORBA.SetOverrideType set_add)

Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IMPLEMENT exception with the message "This is a 
locally constrained object." This method does not apply to local objects and is 
therefore not implemented. This method is the default implementation of the 
org.omg.CORBA.Object method. 

    policies - an array 
    set_add - 

    Returns: NO_IMPLEMENT because this is a locally constrained object and this method does 
             not apply to local objects 
*org.omg.CORBA.LocalObject.validate_connection()*

public boolean validate_connection()

Throws an org.omg.CORBA.NO_IMPLEMENT exception with the message "This is a 
locally constrained object." This method does not apply to local objects and is 
therefore not implemented. This method is the default implementation of the 
org.omg.CORBA.Object method. 


    Returns: NO_IMPLEMENT because this is a locally constrained object and this method does 
             not apply to local objects 

