*org.omg.CORBA.SystemException* *SystemException* The root class for all CORBA s

public abstract class SystemException
  extends    |java.lang.RuntimeException|

|org.omg.CORBA.SystemException_Description|
|org.omg.CORBA.SystemException_Fields|
|org.omg.CORBA.SystemException_Constructors|
|org.omg.CORBA.SystemException_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.omg.CORBA.SystemException_Fields*
|org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus_org.omg.CORBA.SystemException.completed|
|int_org.omg.CORBA.SystemException.minor|

*org.omg.CORBA.SystemException_Constructors*
|org.omg.CORBA.SystemException(String,int,CompletionStatus)|Constructs a System

*org.omg.CORBA.SystemException_Methods*
|org.omg.CORBA.SystemException.toString()|Converts this exception to a represen

*org.omg.CORBA.SystemException_Description*

The root class for all CORBA standard exceptions. These exceptions may be 
thrown as a result of any CORBA operation invocation and may also be returned 
by many standard CORBA API methods. The standard exceptions contain a minor 
code, allowing more detailed specification, and a completion status. This class 
is subclassed to generate each one of the set of standard ORB exceptions. 
SystemException extends java.lang.RuntimeException; thus none of the 
SystemException exceptions need to be declared in signatures of the Java 
methods mapped from operations in IDL interfaces. 


*org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus_org.omg.CORBA.SystemException.completed*

The root class for all CORBA standard exceptions. These exceptions may be 
thrown as a result of any CORBA operation invocation and may also be returned 
by many standard CORBA API methods. The standard exceptions contain a minor 
code, allowing more detailed specification, and a completion status. This class 
is subclassed to generate each one of the set of standard ORB exceptions. 
SystemException extends java.lang.RuntimeException; thus none of the 
SystemException exceptions need to be declared in signatures of the Java 
methods mapped from operations in IDL interfaces. 


*int_org.omg.CORBA.SystemException.minor*

The root class for all CORBA standard exceptions. These exceptions may be 
thrown as a result of any CORBA operation invocation and may also be returned 
by many standard CORBA API methods. The standard exceptions contain a minor 
code, allowing more detailed specification, and a completion status. This class 
is subclassed to generate each one of the set of standard ORB exceptions. 
SystemException extends java.lang.RuntimeException; thus none of the 
SystemException exceptions need to be declared in signatures of the Java 
methods mapped from operations in IDL interfaces. 



*org.omg.CORBA.SystemException(String,int,CompletionStatus)*

protected SystemException(
  java.lang.String reason,
  int minor,
  org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus completed)

Constructs a SystemException exception with the specified detail message, minor 
code, and completion status. A detail message is a String that describes this 
particular exception. 

    reason - the String containing a detail message 
    minor - the minor code 
    completed - the completion status 

*org.omg.CORBA.SystemException.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Converts this exception to a representative string. 



