*org.omg.CORBA.NVList* *NVList* A modifiable list containing NamedValue objects.

public abstract class NVList
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|org.omg.CORBA.NVList_Description|
|org.omg.CORBA.NVList_Fields|
|org.omg.CORBA.NVList_Constructors|
|org.omg.CORBA.NVList_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.omg.CORBA.NVList_Constructors*
|org.omg.CORBA.NVList()|

*org.omg.CORBA.NVList_Methods*
|org.omg.CORBA.NVList.add_item(String,int)|Creates a new NamedValue object init
|org.omg.CORBA.NVList.add_value(String,Any,int)|Creates a new NamedValue object
|org.omg.CORBA.NVList.add(int)|Creates a new NamedValue object initialized with
|org.omg.CORBA.NVList.count()|Returns the number of NamedValue objects that hav
|org.omg.CORBA.NVList.item(int)|Retrieves the NamedValue object at the given in
|org.omg.CORBA.NVList.remove(int)|Removes the NamedValue object at the given in

*org.omg.CORBA.NVList_Description*

A modifiable list containing NamedValue objects. 

The class NVList is used as follows: 

to describe arguments for a Request object in the Dynamic Invocation Interface 
and the Dynamic Skeleton Interface to describe context values in a Context 
object 

Each NamedValue object consists of the following: 

a name, which is a String object a value, as an Any object an argument mode 
flag 

An NVList object may be created using one of the following ORB methods: 

org.omg.CORBA.ORB.create_list 

org.omg.CORBA.NVList nv = orb.create_list(3); 

The variable nv represents a newly-created NVList object. The argument is a 
memory-management hint to the orb and does not imply the actual length of the 
list. If, for example, you want to use an NVList object in a request, and the 
method being invoked takes three parameters, you might optimize by supplying 3 
to the method create_list. Note that the new NVList will not necessarily have a 
length of 3; it could have a length of 2 or 4, for instance. Note also that you 
can add any number of NamedValue objects to this list regardless of its 
original length. 

org.omg.CORBA.ORB.create_operation_list 

org.omg.CORBA.NVList nv = orb.create_operation_list(myOperationDef); 

The variable nv represents a newly-created NVList object that contains 
descriptions of the arguments to the method described in the given OperationDef 
object. 

The methods in the class NVList all deal with the NamedValue objects in the 
list. There are three methods for adding a NamedValue object, a method for 
getting the count of NamedValue objects in the list, a method for retrieving a 
NamedValue object at a given index, and a method for removing a NamedValue 
object at a given index. 


*org.omg.CORBA.NVList()*

public NVList()




*org.omg.CORBA.NVList.add_item(String,int)*

public abstract |org.omg.CORBA.NamedValue| add_item(
  java.lang.String item_name,
  int flags)

Creates a new NamedValue object initialized with the given name and flag, and 
adds it to the end of this NVList object. The flag can be any one of the 
argument passing modes: ARG_IN.value, ARG_OUT.value, or ARG_INOUT.value. 

    item_name - the name for the new NamedValue object 
    flags - one of the argument mode flags 

    Returns: the newly-created NamedValue object 
*org.omg.CORBA.NVList.add_value(String,Any,int)*

public abstract |org.omg.CORBA.NamedValue| add_value(
  java.lang.String item_name,
  org.omg.CORBA.Any val,
  int flags)

Creates a new NamedValue object initialized with the given name, value, and 
flag, and adds it to the end of this NVList object. 

    item_name - the name for the new NamedValue object 
    val - an Any object containing the value for the new NamedValue object 
    flags - one of the following argument passing modes: ARG_IN.value, ARG_OUT.value, or 
       ARG_INOUT.value 

    Returns: the newly created NamedValue object 
*org.omg.CORBA.NVList.add(int)*

public abstract |org.omg.CORBA.NamedValue| add(int flags)

Creates a new NamedValue object initialized with the given flag and adds it to 
the end of this NVList object. The flag can be any one of the argument passing 
modes: ARG_IN.value, ARG_OUT.value, or ARG_INOUT.value. 

    flags - one of the argument mode flags 

    Returns: the newly-created NamedValue object 
*org.omg.CORBA.NVList.count()*

public abstract int count()

Returns the number of NamedValue objects that have been added to this NVList 
object. 


    Returns: an int indicating the number of NamedValue objects in this NVList. 
*org.omg.CORBA.NVList.item(int)*

public abstract |org.omg.CORBA.NamedValue| item(int index)
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.Bounds|
         
Retrieves the NamedValue object at the given index. 

    index - the index of the desired NamedValue object, which must be between zero and the 
       length of the list minus one, inclusive. The first item is at index 
       zero. 

    Returns: the NamedValue object at the given index 
*org.omg.CORBA.NVList.remove(int)*

public abstract void remove(int index)
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.Bounds|
         
Removes the NamedValue object at the given index. Note that the indices of all 
NamedValue objects following the one removed are shifted down by one. 

    index - the index of the NamedValue object to be removed, which must be between zero 
       and the length of the list minus one, inclusive. The first item is at 
       index zero. 


