*org.omg.CORBA.NamedValue* *NamedValue* An object used in the DII and DSI to des

public abstract class NamedValue
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|org.omg.CORBA.NamedValue_Description|
|org.omg.CORBA.NamedValue_Fields|
|org.omg.CORBA.NamedValue_Constructors|
|org.omg.CORBA.NamedValue_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.omg.CORBA.NamedValue_Constructors*
|org.omg.CORBA.NamedValue()|

*org.omg.CORBA.NamedValue_Methods*
|org.omg.CORBA.NamedValue.flags()|Retrieves the argument mode flag for this Nam
|org.omg.CORBA.NamedValue.name()|Retrieves the name for this NamedValue object.
|org.omg.CORBA.NamedValue.value()|Retrieves the value for this NamedValue objec

*org.omg.CORBA.NamedValue_Description*

An object used in the DII and DSI to describe arguments and return values. 
NamedValue objects are also used in the Context object routines to pass lists 
of property names and values. 

A NamedValue object contains: 

a name -- If the NamedValue object is used to describe arguments to a request, 
the name will be an argument identifier specified in the OMG IDL interface 
definition for the operation being described. a value -- an Any object an 
argument mode flag -- one of the following: 

ARG_IN.value ARG_OUT.value ARG_INOUT.value zero -- if this NamedValue object 
represents a property in a Context object rather than a parameter or return 
value 



The class NamedValue has three methods, which access its fields. The following 
code fragment demonstrates creating a NamedValue object and then accessing its 
fields: 

ORB orb = ORB.init(args, null); String s = "argument_1"; org.omg.CORBA.Any 
myAny = orb.create_any(); myAny.insert_long(12345); int in = 
org.omg.CORBA.ARG_IN.value; 

org.omg.CORBA.NamedValue nv = orb.create_named_value( s, myAny, in); 
System.out.println("This nv name is " + nv.name()); try { 
System.out.println("This nv value is " + nv.value().extract_long()); 
System.out.println("This nv flag is " + nv.flags()); } catch 
(org.omg.CORBA.BAD_OPERATION b) { System.out.println("extract failed"); } 

If this code fragment were put into a main method, the output would be 
something like the following: 

This nv name is argument_1 This nv value is 12345 This nv flag is 1 

Note that the method value returns an Any object. In order to access the long 
contained in the Any object, we used the method extract_long. 


*org.omg.CORBA.NamedValue()*

public NamedValue()




*org.omg.CORBA.NamedValue.flags()*

public abstract int flags()

Retrieves the argument mode flag for this NamedValue object. 


    Returns: an int representing the argument mode for this NamedValue object 
*org.omg.CORBA.NamedValue.name()*

public abstract |java.lang.String| name()

Retrieves the name for this NamedValue object. 


    Returns: a String object representing the name of this NamedValue object 
*org.omg.CORBA.NamedValue.value()*

public abstract |org.omg.CORBA.Any| value()

Retrieves the value for this NamedValue object. 


    Returns: an Any object containing the value of this NamedValue object 

