*org.w3c.dom.bootstrap.DOMImplementationRegistry* *DOMImplementationRegistry* A 

public final class DOMImplementationRegistry
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|org.w3c.dom.bootstrap.DOMImplementationRegistry_Description|
|org.w3c.dom.bootstrap.DOMImplementationRegistry_Fields|
|org.w3c.dom.bootstrap.DOMImplementationRegistry_Constructors|
|org.w3c.dom.bootstrap.DOMImplementationRegistry_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.w3c.dom.bootstrap.DOMImplementationRegistry_Fields*
|java.lang.String_org.w3c.dom.bootstrap.DOMImplementationRegistry.PROPERTY|

*org.w3c.dom.bootstrap.DOMImplementationRegistry_Methods*
|org.w3c.dom.bootstrap.DOMImplementationRegistry.addSource(DOMImplementationSource)|
|org.w3c.dom.bootstrap.DOMImplementationRegistry.getDOMImplementation(String)|R
|org.w3c.dom.bootstrap.DOMImplementationRegistry.getDOMImplementationList(String)|
|org.w3c.dom.bootstrap.DOMImplementationRegistry.newInstance()|Obtain a new ins

*org.w3c.dom.bootstrap.DOMImplementationRegistry_Description*

A factory that enables applications to obtain instances of DOMImplementation. 

Example: 

// get an instance of the DOMImplementation registry DOMImplementationRegistry 
registry = DOMImplementationRegistry.newInstance(); // get a DOM implementation 
the Level 3 XML module DOMImplementation domImpl = 
registry.getDOMImplementation("XML 3.0"); 

This provides an application with an implementation-independent starting point. 
DOM implementations may modify this class to meet new security standards or to 
provide *additional* fallbacks for the list of DOMImplementationSources. 


*java.lang.String_org.w3c.dom.bootstrap.DOMImplementationRegistry.PROPERTY*

A factory that enables applications to obtain instances of DOMImplementation. 

Example: 

// get an instance of the DOMImplementation registry DOMImplementationRegistry 
registry = DOMImplementationRegistry.newInstance(); // get a DOM implementation 
the Level 3 XML module DOMImplementation domImpl = 
registry.getDOMImplementation("XML 3.0"); 

This provides an application with an implementation-independent starting point. 
DOM implementations may modify this class to meet new security standards or to 
provide *additional* fallbacks for the list of DOMImplementationSources. 



*org.w3c.dom.bootstrap.DOMImplementationRegistry.addSource(DOMImplementationSource)*

public void addSource(org.w3c.dom.DOMImplementationSource s)

Register an implementation. 

    s - The source to be registered, may not be null 

*org.w3c.dom.bootstrap.DOMImplementationRegistry.getDOMImplementation(String)*

public |org.w3c.dom.DOMImplementation| getDOMImplementation(java.lang.String features)

Return the first implementation that has the desired features, or null if none 
is found. 

    features - A string that specifies which features are required. This is a space separated 
       list in which each feature is specified by its name optionally followed 
       by a space and a version number. This is something like: "XML 1.0 
       Traversal +Events 2.0" 

    Returns: An implementation that has the desired features, or null if none found. 
*org.w3c.dom.bootstrap.DOMImplementationRegistry.getDOMImplementationList(String)*

public |org.w3c.dom.DOMImplementationList| getDOMImplementationList(java.lang.String features)

Return a list of implementations that support the desired features. 

    features - A string that specifies which features are required. This is a space separated 
       list in which each feature is specified by its name optionally followed 
       by a space and a version number. This is something like: "XML 1.0 
       Traversal +Events 2.0" 

    Returns: A list of DOMImplementations that support the desired features. 
*org.w3c.dom.bootstrap.DOMImplementationRegistry.newInstance()*

public static |org.w3c.dom.bootstrap.DOMImplementationRegistry| newInstance()
  throws |java.lang.ClassCastException|
         |java.lang.ClassNotFoundException|
         |java.lang.IllegalAccessException|
         |java.lang.InstantiationException|
         
Obtain a new instance of a DOMImplementationRegistry. 

The DOMImplementationRegistry is initialized by the application or the 
implementation, depending on the context, by first checking the value of the 
Java system property org.w3c.dom.DOMImplementationSourceList and the the 
service provider whose contents are at 
"META_INF/services/org.w3c.dom.DOMImplementationSourceList" The value of this 
property is a white-space separated list of names of availables classes 
implementing the DOMImplementationSource interface. Each class listed in the 
class name list is instantiated and any exceptions encountered are thrown to 
the application. 


    Returns: an initialized instance of DOMImplementationRegistry 

