*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue* *CSSPrimitiveValue* The CSSPrimitiveValue in

public interface interface CSSPrimitiveValue

  implements |org.w3c.dom.css.CSSValue|

|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue_Description|
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue_Fields|
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue_Constructors|
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue_Fields*
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_ATTR|
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_CM|
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_COUNTER|
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_DEG|
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_DIMENSION|
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_EMS|
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_EXS|
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_GRAD|
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_HZ|
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_IDENT|
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_IN|
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_KHZ|
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_MM|
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_MS|
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_NUMBER|
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_PC|
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_PERCENTAGE|
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_PT|
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_PX|
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_RAD|
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_RECT|
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_RGBCOLOR|
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_S|
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_STRING|
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_UNKNOWN|
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_URI|

*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue_Methods*
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.getCounterValue()|This method is used to get
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.getFloatValue(short)|This method is used to 
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.getPrimitiveType()|The type of the value as 
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.getRectValue()|This method is used to get th
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.getRGBColorValue()|This method is used to ge
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.getStringValue()|This method is used to get 
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.setFloatValue(short,float)|A method to set t
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.setStringValue(short,String)|A method to set

*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue_Description*

The CSSPrimitiveValue interface represents a single CSS value . This interface 
may be used to determine the value of a specific style property currently set 
in a block or to set a specific style property explicitly within the block. An 
instance of this interface might be obtained from the getPropertyCSSValue 
method of the CSSStyleDeclaration interface. A CSSPrimitiveValue object only 
occurs in a context of a CSS property. Conversions are allowed between absolute 
values (from millimeters to centimeters, from degrees to radians, and so on) 
but not between relative values. (For example, a pixel value cannot be 
converted to a centimeter value.) Percentage values can't be converted since 
they are relative to the parent value (or another property value). There is one 
exception for color percentage values: since a color percentage value is 
relative to the range 0-255, a color percentage value can be converted to a 
number; (see also the RGBColor interface). See also the Document Object Model 
(DOM) Level 2 Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_ATTR*

The CSSPrimitiveValue interface represents a single CSS value . This interface 
may be used to determine the value of a specific style property currently set 
in a block or to set a specific style property explicitly within the block. An 
instance of this interface might be obtained from the getPropertyCSSValue 
method of the CSSStyleDeclaration interface. A CSSPrimitiveValue object only 
occurs in a context of a CSS property. Conversions are allowed between absolute 
values (from millimeters to centimeters, from degrees to radians, and so on) 
but not between relative values. (For example, a pixel value cannot be 
converted to a centimeter value.) Percentage values can't be converted since 
they are relative to the parent value (or another property value). There is one 
exception for color percentage values: since a color percentage value is 
relative to the range 0-255, a color percentage value can be converted to a 
number; (see also the RGBColor interface). See also the Document Object Model 
(DOM) Level 2 Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_CM*

The CSSPrimitiveValue interface represents a single CSS value . This interface 
may be used to determine the value of a specific style property currently set 
in a block or to set a specific style property explicitly within the block. An 
instance of this interface might be obtained from the getPropertyCSSValue 
method of the CSSStyleDeclaration interface. A CSSPrimitiveValue object only 
occurs in a context of a CSS property. Conversions are allowed between absolute 
values (from millimeters to centimeters, from degrees to radians, and so on) 
but not between relative values. (For example, a pixel value cannot be 
converted to a centimeter value.) Percentage values can't be converted since 
they are relative to the parent value (or another property value). There is one 
exception for color percentage values: since a color percentage value is 
relative to the range 0-255, a color percentage value can be converted to a 
number; (see also the RGBColor interface). See also the Document Object Model 
(DOM) Level 2 Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_COUNTER*

The CSSPrimitiveValue interface represents a single CSS value . This interface 
may be used to determine the value of a specific style property currently set 
in a block or to set a specific style property explicitly within the block. An 
instance of this interface might be obtained from the getPropertyCSSValue 
method of the CSSStyleDeclaration interface. A CSSPrimitiveValue object only 
occurs in a context of a CSS property. Conversions are allowed between absolute 
values (from millimeters to centimeters, from degrees to radians, and so on) 
but not between relative values. (For example, a pixel value cannot be 
converted to a centimeter value.) Percentage values can't be converted since 
they are relative to the parent value (or another property value). There is one 
exception for color percentage values: since a color percentage value is 
relative to the range 0-255, a color percentage value can be converted to a 
number; (see also the RGBColor interface). See also the Document Object Model 
(DOM) Level 2 Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_DEG*

The CSSPrimitiveValue interface represents a single CSS value . This interface 
may be used to determine the value of a specific style property currently set 
in a block or to set a specific style property explicitly within the block. An 
instance of this interface might be obtained from the getPropertyCSSValue 
method of the CSSStyleDeclaration interface. A CSSPrimitiveValue object only 
occurs in a context of a CSS property. Conversions are allowed between absolute 
values (from millimeters to centimeters, from degrees to radians, and so on) 
but not between relative values. (For example, a pixel value cannot be 
converted to a centimeter value.) Percentage values can't be converted since 
they are relative to the parent value (or another property value). There is one 
exception for color percentage values: since a color percentage value is 
relative to the range 0-255, a color percentage value can be converted to a 
number; (see also the RGBColor interface). See also the Document Object Model 
(DOM) Level 2 Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_DIMENSION*

The CSSPrimitiveValue interface represents a single CSS value . This interface 
may be used to determine the value of a specific style property currently set 
in a block or to set a specific style property explicitly within the block. An 
instance of this interface might be obtained from the getPropertyCSSValue 
method of the CSSStyleDeclaration interface. A CSSPrimitiveValue object only 
occurs in a context of a CSS property. Conversions are allowed between absolute 
values (from millimeters to centimeters, from degrees to radians, and so on) 
but not between relative values. (For example, a pixel value cannot be 
converted to a centimeter value.) Percentage values can't be converted since 
they are relative to the parent value (or another property value). There is one 
exception for color percentage values: since a color percentage value is 
relative to the range 0-255, a color percentage value can be converted to a 
number; (see also the RGBColor interface). See also the Document Object Model 
(DOM) Level 2 Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_EMS*

The CSSPrimitiveValue interface represents a single CSS value . This interface 
may be used to determine the value of a specific style property currently set 
in a block or to set a specific style property explicitly within the block. An 
instance of this interface might be obtained from the getPropertyCSSValue 
method of the CSSStyleDeclaration interface. A CSSPrimitiveValue object only 
occurs in a context of a CSS property. Conversions are allowed between absolute 
values (from millimeters to centimeters, from degrees to radians, and so on) 
but not between relative values. (For example, a pixel value cannot be 
converted to a centimeter value.) Percentage values can't be converted since 
they are relative to the parent value (or another property value). There is one 
exception for color percentage values: since a color percentage value is 
relative to the range 0-255, a color percentage value can be converted to a 
number; (see also the RGBColor interface). See also the Document Object Model 
(DOM) Level 2 Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_EXS*

The CSSPrimitiveValue interface represents a single CSS value . This interface 
may be used to determine the value of a specific style property currently set 
in a block or to set a specific style property explicitly within the block. An 
instance of this interface might be obtained from the getPropertyCSSValue 
method of the CSSStyleDeclaration interface. A CSSPrimitiveValue object only 
occurs in a context of a CSS property. Conversions are allowed between absolute 
values (from millimeters to centimeters, from degrees to radians, and so on) 
but not between relative values. (For example, a pixel value cannot be 
converted to a centimeter value.) Percentage values can't be converted since 
they are relative to the parent value (or another property value). There is one 
exception for color percentage values: since a color percentage value is 
relative to the range 0-255, a color percentage value can be converted to a 
number; (see also the RGBColor interface). See also the Document Object Model 
(DOM) Level 2 Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_GRAD*

The CSSPrimitiveValue interface represents a single CSS value . This interface 
may be used to determine the value of a specific style property currently set 
in a block or to set a specific style property explicitly within the block. An 
instance of this interface might be obtained from the getPropertyCSSValue 
method of the CSSStyleDeclaration interface. A CSSPrimitiveValue object only 
occurs in a context of a CSS property. Conversions are allowed between absolute 
values (from millimeters to centimeters, from degrees to radians, and so on) 
but not between relative values. (For example, a pixel value cannot be 
converted to a centimeter value.) Percentage values can't be converted since 
they are relative to the parent value (or another property value). There is one 
exception for color percentage values: since a color percentage value is 
relative to the range 0-255, a color percentage value can be converted to a 
number; (see also the RGBColor interface). See also the Document Object Model 
(DOM) Level 2 Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_HZ*

The CSSPrimitiveValue interface represents a single CSS value . This interface 
may be used to determine the value of a specific style property currently set 
in a block or to set a specific style property explicitly within the block. An 
instance of this interface might be obtained from the getPropertyCSSValue 
method of the CSSStyleDeclaration interface. A CSSPrimitiveValue object only 
occurs in a context of a CSS property. Conversions are allowed between absolute 
values (from millimeters to centimeters, from degrees to radians, and so on) 
but not between relative values. (For example, a pixel value cannot be 
converted to a centimeter value.) Percentage values can't be converted since 
they are relative to the parent value (or another property value). There is one 
exception for color percentage values: since a color percentage value is 
relative to the range 0-255, a color percentage value can be converted to a 
number; (see also the RGBColor interface). See also the Document Object Model 
(DOM) Level 2 Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_IDENT*

The CSSPrimitiveValue interface represents a single CSS value . This interface 
may be used to determine the value of a specific style property currently set 
in a block or to set a specific style property explicitly within the block. An 
instance of this interface might be obtained from the getPropertyCSSValue 
method of the CSSStyleDeclaration interface. A CSSPrimitiveValue object only 
occurs in a context of a CSS property. Conversions are allowed between absolute 
values (from millimeters to centimeters, from degrees to radians, and so on) 
but not between relative values. (For example, a pixel value cannot be 
converted to a centimeter value.) Percentage values can't be converted since 
they are relative to the parent value (or another property value). There is one 
exception for color percentage values: since a color percentage value is 
relative to the range 0-255, a color percentage value can be converted to a 
number; (see also the RGBColor interface). See also the Document Object Model 
(DOM) Level 2 Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_IN*

The CSSPrimitiveValue interface represents a single CSS value . This interface 
may be used to determine the value of a specific style property currently set 
in a block or to set a specific style property explicitly within the block. An 
instance of this interface might be obtained from the getPropertyCSSValue 
method of the CSSStyleDeclaration interface. A CSSPrimitiveValue object only 
occurs in a context of a CSS property. Conversions are allowed between absolute 
values (from millimeters to centimeters, from degrees to radians, and so on) 
but not between relative values. (For example, a pixel value cannot be 
converted to a centimeter value.) Percentage values can't be converted since 
they are relative to the parent value (or another property value). There is one 
exception for color percentage values: since a color percentage value is 
relative to the range 0-255, a color percentage value can be converted to a 
number; (see also the RGBColor interface). See also the Document Object Model 
(DOM) Level 2 Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_KHZ*

The CSSPrimitiveValue interface represents a single CSS value . This interface 
may be used to determine the value of a specific style property currently set 
in a block or to set a specific style property explicitly within the block. An 
instance of this interface might be obtained from the getPropertyCSSValue 
method of the CSSStyleDeclaration interface. A CSSPrimitiveValue object only 
occurs in a context of a CSS property. Conversions are allowed between absolute 
values (from millimeters to centimeters, from degrees to radians, and so on) 
but not between relative values. (For example, a pixel value cannot be 
converted to a centimeter value.) Percentage values can't be converted since 
they are relative to the parent value (or another property value). There is one 
exception for color percentage values: since a color percentage value is 
relative to the range 0-255, a color percentage value can be converted to a 
number; (see also the RGBColor interface). See also the Document Object Model 
(DOM) Level 2 Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_MM*

The CSSPrimitiveValue interface represents a single CSS value . This interface 
may be used to determine the value of a specific style property currently set 
in a block or to set a specific style property explicitly within the block. An 
instance of this interface might be obtained from the getPropertyCSSValue 
method of the CSSStyleDeclaration interface. A CSSPrimitiveValue object only 
occurs in a context of a CSS property. Conversions are allowed between absolute 
values (from millimeters to centimeters, from degrees to radians, and so on) 
but not between relative values. (For example, a pixel value cannot be 
converted to a centimeter value.) Percentage values can't be converted since 
they are relative to the parent value (or another property value). There is one 
exception for color percentage values: since a color percentage value is 
relative to the range 0-255, a color percentage value can be converted to a 
number; (see also the RGBColor interface). See also the Document Object Model 
(DOM) Level 2 Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_MS*

The CSSPrimitiveValue interface represents a single CSS value . This interface 
may be used to determine the value of a specific style property currently set 
in a block or to set a specific style property explicitly within the block. An 
instance of this interface might be obtained from the getPropertyCSSValue 
method of the CSSStyleDeclaration interface. A CSSPrimitiveValue object only 
occurs in a context of a CSS property. Conversions are allowed between absolute 
values (from millimeters to centimeters, from degrees to radians, and so on) 
but not between relative values. (For example, a pixel value cannot be 
converted to a centimeter value.) Percentage values can't be converted since 
they are relative to the parent value (or another property value). There is one 
exception for color percentage values: since a color percentage value is 
relative to the range 0-255, a color percentage value can be converted to a 
number; (see also the RGBColor interface). See also the Document Object Model 
(DOM) Level 2 Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_NUMBER*

The CSSPrimitiveValue interface represents a single CSS value . This interface 
may be used to determine the value of a specific style property currently set 
in a block or to set a specific style property explicitly within the block. An 
instance of this interface might be obtained from the getPropertyCSSValue 
method of the CSSStyleDeclaration interface. A CSSPrimitiveValue object only 
occurs in a context of a CSS property. Conversions are allowed between absolute 
values (from millimeters to centimeters, from degrees to radians, and so on) 
but not between relative values. (For example, a pixel value cannot be 
converted to a centimeter value.) Percentage values can't be converted since 
they are relative to the parent value (or another property value). There is one 
exception for color percentage values: since a color percentage value is 
relative to the range 0-255, a color percentage value can be converted to a 
number; (see also the RGBColor interface). See also the Document Object Model 
(DOM) Level 2 Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_PC*

The CSSPrimitiveValue interface represents a single CSS value . This interface 
may be used to determine the value of a specific style property currently set 
in a block or to set a specific style property explicitly within the block. An 
instance of this interface might be obtained from the getPropertyCSSValue 
method of the CSSStyleDeclaration interface. A CSSPrimitiveValue object only 
occurs in a context of a CSS property. Conversions are allowed between absolute 
values (from millimeters to centimeters, from degrees to radians, and so on) 
but not between relative values. (For example, a pixel value cannot be 
converted to a centimeter value.) Percentage values can't be converted since 
they are relative to the parent value (or another property value). There is one 
exception for color percentage values: since a color percentage value is 
relative to the range 0-255, a color percentage value can be converted to a 
number; (see also the RGBColor interface). See also the Document Object Model 
(DOM) Level 2 Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_PERCENTAGE*

The CSSPrimitiveValue interface represents a single CSS value . This interface 
may be used to determine the value of a specific style property currently set 
in a block or to set a specific style property explicitly within the block. An 
instance of this interface might be obtained from the getPropertyCSSValue 
method of the CSSStyleDeclaration interface. A CSSPrimitiveValue object only 
occurs in a context of a CSS property. Conversions are allowed between absolute 
values (from millimeters to centimeters, from degrees to radians, and so on) 
but not between relative values. (For example, a pixel value cannot be 
converted to a centimeter value.) Percentage values can't be converted since 
they are relative to the parent value (or another property value). There is one 
exception for color percentage values: since a color percentage value is 
relative to the range 0-255, a color percentage value can be converted to a 
number; (see also the RGBColor interface). See also the Document Object Model 
(DOM) Level 2 Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_PT*

The CSSPrimitiveValue interface represents a single CSS value . This interface 
may be used to determine the value of a specific style property currently set 
in a block or to set a specific style property explicitly within the block. An 
instance of this interface might be obtained from the getPropertyCSSValue 
method of the CSSStyleDeclaration interface. A CSSPrimitiveValue object only 
occurs in a context of a CSS property. Conversions are allowed between absolute 
values (from millimeters to centimeters, from degrees to radians, and so on) 
but not between relative values. (For example, a pixel value cannot be 
converted to a centimeter value.) Percentage values can't be converted since 
they are relative to the parent value (or another property value). There is one 
exception for color percentage values: since a color percentage value is 
relative to the range 0-255, a color percentage value can be converted to a 
number; (see also the RGBColor interface). See also the Document Object Model 
(DOM) Level 2 Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_PX*

The CSSPrimitiveValue interface represents a single CSS value . This interface 
may be used to determine the value of a specific style property currently set 
in a block or to set a specific style property explicitly within the block. An 
instance of this interface might be obtained from the getPropertyCSSValue 
method of the CSSStyleDeclaration interface. A CSSPrimitiveValue object only 
occurs in a context of a CSS property. Conversions are allowed between absolute 
values (from millimeters to centimeters, from degrees to radians, and so on) 
but not between relative values. (For example, a pixel value cannot be 
converted to a centimeter value.) Percentage values can't be converted since 
they are relative to the parent value (or another property value). There is one 
exception for color percentage values: since a color percentage value is 
relative to the range 0-255, a color percentage value can be converted to a 
number; (see also the RGBColor interface). See also the Document Object Model 
(DOM) Level 2 Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_RAD*

The CSSPrimitiveValue interface represents a single CSS value . This interface 
may be used to determine the value of a specific style property currently set 
in a block or to set a specific style property explicitly within the block. An 
instance of this interface might be obtained from the getPropertyCSSValue 
method of the CSSStyleDeclaration interface. A CSSPrimitiveValue object only 
occurs in a context of a CSS property. Conversions are allowed between absolute 
values (from millimeters to centimeters, from degrees to radians, and so on) 
but not between relative values. (For example, a pixel value cannot be 
converted to a centimeter value.) Percentage values can't be converted since 
they are relative to the parent value (or another property value). There is one 
exception for color percentage values: since a color percentage value is 
relative to the range 0-255, a color percentage value can be converted to a 
number; (see also the RGBColor interface). See also the Document Object Model 
(DOM) Level 2 Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_RECT*

The CSSPrimitiveValue interface represents a single CSS value . This interface 
may be used to determine the value of a specific style property currently set 
in a block or to set a specific style property explicitly within the block. An 
instance of this interface might be obtained from the getPropertyCSSValue 
method of the CSSStyleDeclaration interface. A CSSPrimitiveValue object only 
occurs in a context of a CSS property. Conversions are allowed between absolute 
values (from millimeters to centimeters, from degrees to radians, and so on) 
but not between relative values. (For example, a pixel value cannot be 
converted to a centimeter value.) Percentage values can't be converted since 
they are relative to the parent value (or another property value). There is one 
exception for color percentage values: since a color percentage value is 
relative to the range 0-255, a color percentage value can be converted to a 
number; (see also the RGBColor interface). See also the Document Object Model 
(DOM) Level 2 Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_RGBCOLOR*

The CSSPrimitiveValue interface represents a single CSS value . This interface 
may be used to determine the value of a specific style property currently set 
in a block or to set a specific style property explicitly within the block. An 
instance of this interface might be obtained from the getPropertyCSSValue 
method of the CSSStyleDeclaration interface. A CSSPrimitiveValue object only 
occurs in a context of a CSS property. Conversions are allowed between absolute 
values (from millimeters to centimeters, from degrees to radians, and so on) 
but not between relative values. (For example, a pixel value cannot be 
converted to a centimeter value.) Percentage values can't be converted since 
they are relative to the parent value (or another property value). There is one 
exception for color percentage values: since a color percentage value is 
relative to the range 0-255, a color percentage value can be converted to a 
number; (see also the RGBColor interface). See also the Document Object Model 
(DOM) Level 2 Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_S*

The CSSPrimitiveValue interface represents a single CSS value . This interface 
may be used to determine the value of a specific style property currently set 
in a block or to set a specific style property explicitly within the block. An 
instance of this interface might be obtained from the getPropertyCSSValue 
method of the CSSStyleDeclaration interface. A CSSPrimitiveValue object only 
occurs in a context of a CSS property. Conversions are allowed between absolute 
values (from millimeters to centimeters, from degrees to radians, and so on) 
but not between relative values. (For example, a pixel value cannot be 
converted to a centimeter value.) Percentage values can't be converted since 
they are relative to the parent value (or another property value). There is one 
exception for color percentage values: since a color percentage value is 
relative to the range 0-255, a color percentage value can be converted to a 
number; (see also the RGBColor interface). See also the Document Object Model 
(DOM) Level 2 Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_STRING*

The CSSPrimitiveValue interface represents a single CSS value . This interface 
may be used to determine the value of a specific style property currently set 
in a block or to set a specific style property explicitly within the block. An 
instance of this interface might be obtained from the getPropertyCSSValue 
method of the CSSStyleDeclaration interface. A CSSPrimitiveValue object only 
occurs in a context of a CSS property. Conversions are allowed between absolute 
values (from millimeters to centimeters, from degrees to radians, and so on) 
but not between relative values. (For example, a pixel value cannot be 
converted to a centimeter value.) Percentage values can't be converted since 
they are relative to the parent value (or another property value). There is one 
exception for color percentage values: since a color percentage value is 
relative to the range 0-255, a color percentage value can be converted to a 
number; (see also the RGBColor interface). See also the Document Object Model 
(DOM) Level 2 Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_UNKNOWN*

The CSSPrimitiveValue interface represents a single CSS value . This interface 
may be used to determine the value of a specific style property currently set 
in a block or to set a specific style property explicitly within the block. An 
instance of this interface might be obtained from the getPropertyCSSValue 
method of the CSSStyleDeclaration interface. A CSSPrimitiveValue object only 
occurs in a context of a CSS property. Conversions are allowed between absolute 
values (from millimeters to centimeters, from degrees to radians, and so on) 
but not between relative values. (For example, a pixel value cannot be 
converted to a centimeter value.) Percentage values can't be converted since 
they are relative to the parent value (or another property value). There is one 
exception for color percentage values: since a color percentage value is 
relative to the range 0-255, a color percentage value can be converted to a 
number; (see also the RGBColor interface). See also the Document Object Model 
(DOM) Level 2 Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.CSS_URI*

The CSSPrimitiveValue interface represents a single CSS value . This interface 
may be used to determine the value of a specific style property currently set 
in a block or to set a specific style property explicitly within the block. An 
instance of this interface might be obtained from the getPropertyCSSValue 
method of the CSSStyleDeclaration interface. A CSSPrimitiveValue object only 
occurs in a context of a CSS property. Conversions are allowed between absolute 
values (from millimeters to centimeters, from degrees to radians, and so on) 
but not between relative values. (For example, a pixel value cannot be 
converted to a centimeter value.) Percentage values can't be converted since 
they are relative to the parent value (or another property value). There is one 
exception for color percentage values: since a color percentage value is 
relative to the range 0-255, a color percentage value can be converted to a 
number; (see also the RGBColor interface). See also the Document Object Model 
(DOM) Level 2 Style Specification. 



*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.getCounterValue()*

public |org.w3c.dom.css.Counter| getCounterValue()
  throws |org.w3c.dom.DOMException|
         
This method is used to get the Counter value. If this CSS value doesn't contain 
a counter value, a DOMException is raised. Modification to the corresponding 
style property can be achieved using the Counter interface. 


    Returns: The Counter value. 
*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.getFloatValue(short)*

public float getFloatValue(short unitType)
  throws |org.w3c.dom.DOMException|
         
This method is used to get a float value in a specified unit. If this CSS value 
doesn't contain a float value or can't be converted into the specified unit, a 
DOMException is raised. 

    unitType - A unit code to get the float value. The unit code can only be a float unit type 
       (i.e. CSS_NUMBER, CSS_PERCENTAGE, CSS_EMS, CSS_EXS, CSS_PX, CSS_CM, 
       CSS_MM, CSS_IN, CSS_PT, CSS_PC, CSS_DEG, CSS_RAD, CSS_GRAD, CSS_MS, 
       CSS_S, CSS_HZ, CSS_KHZ, CSS_DIMENSION). 

    Returns: The float value in the specified unit. 
*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.getPrimitiveType()*

public short getPrimitiveType()

The type of the value as defined by the constants specified above. 


*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.getRectValue()*

public |org.w3c.dom.css.Rect| getRectValue()
  throws |org.w3c.dom.DOMException|
         
This method is used to get the Rect value. If this CSS value doesn't contain a 
rect value, a DOMException is raised. Modification to the corresponding style 
property can be achieved using the Rect interface. 


    Returns: The Rect value. 
*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.getRGBColorValue()*

public |org.w3c.dom.css.RGBColor| getRGBColorValue()
  throws |org.w3c.dom.DOMException|
         
This method is used to get the RGB color. If this CSS value doesn't contain a 
RGB color value, a DOMException is raised. Modification to the corresponding 
style property can be achieved using the RGBColor interface. 


    Returns: the RGB color value. 
*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.getStringValue()*

public |java.lang.String| getStringValue()
  throws |org.w3c.dom.DOMException|
         
This method is used to get the string value. If the CSS value doesn't contain a 
string value, a DOMException is raised. Some properties (like 'font-family' or 
'voice-family') convert a whitespace separated list of idents to a string. 


    Returns: The string value in the current unit. The current primitiveType can only be a 
             string unit type (i.e. CSS_STRING, CSS_URI, CSS_IDENT and 
             CSS_ATTR). 
*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.setFloatValue(short,float)*

public void setFloatValue(
  short unitType,
  float floatValue)
  throws |org.w3c.dom.DOMException|
         
A method to set the float value with a specified unit. If the property attached 
with this value can not accept the specified unit or the float value, the value 
will be unchanged and a DOMException will be raised. 

    unitType - A unit code as defined above. The unit code can only be a float unit type (i.e. 
       CSS_NUMBER, CSS_PERCENTAGE, CSS_EMS, CSS_EXS, CSS_PX, CSS_CM, CSS_MM, 
       CSS_IN, CSS_PT, CSS_PC, CSS_DEG, CSS_RAD, CSS_GRAD, CSS_MS, CSS_S, 
       CSS_HZ, CSS_KHZ, CSS_DIMENSION). 
    floatValue - The new float value. 

*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSPrimitiveValue.setStringValue(short,String)*

public void setStringValue(
  short stringType,
  java.lang.String stringValue)
  throws |org.w3c.dom.DOMException|
         
A method to set the string value with the specified unit. If the property 
attached to this value can't accept the specified unit or the string value, the 
value will be unchanged and a DOMException will be raised. 

    stringType - A string code as defined above. The string code can only be a string unit type 
       (i.e. CSS_STRING, CSS_URI, CSS_IDENT, and CSS_ATTR). 
    stringValue - The new string value. 


