*org.xml.sax.ext.Locator2* *Locator2* SAX2 extension to augment the entity infor

public interface interface Locator2

  implements |org.xml.sax.Locator|

|org.xml.sax.ext.Locator2_Description|
|org.xml.sax.ext.Locator2_Fields|
|org.xml.sax.ext.Locator2_Constructors|
|org.xml.sax.ext.Locator2_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.xml.sax.ext.Locator2_Methods*
|org.xml.sax.ext.Locator2.getEncoding()|Returns the name of the character encod
|org.xml.sax.ext.Locator2.getXMLVersion()|Returns the version of XML used for t

*org.xml.sax.ext.Locator2_Description*

SAX2 extension to augment the entity information provided though a 
(|org.xml.sax.Locator|) . If an implementation supports this extension, the 
Locator provided in ContentHandler.setDocumentLocator() 
(|org.xml.sax.ContentHandler|) will implement this interface, and the 
http://xml.org/sax/features/use-locator2 feature flag will have the value true. 

This module, both source code and documentation, is in the Public Domain, and 
comes with NO WARRANTY. 

XMLReader implementations are not required to support this information, and it 
is not part of core-only SAX2 distributions. 


*org.xml.sax.ext.Locator2.getEncoding()*

public |java.lang.String| getEncoding()

Returns the name of the character encoding for the entity. If the encoding was 
declared externally (for example, in a MIME Content-Type header), that will be 
the name returned. Else if there was an <?xml...encoding='...'?> declaration at 
the start of the document, that encoding name will be returned. Otherwise the 
encoding will been inferred (normally to be UTF-8, or some UTF-16 variant), and 
that inferred name will be returned. 

When an InputSource(|org.xml.sax.InputSource|) is used to provide an entity's 
character stream, this method returns the encoding provided in that input 
stream. 

Note that some recent W3C specifications require that text in some encodings be 
normalized, using Unicode Normalization Form C, before processing. Such 
normalization must be performed by applications, and would normally be 
triggered based on the value returned by this method. 

Encoding names may be those used by the underlying JVM, and comparisons should 
be case-insensitive. 


    Returns: Name of the character encoding being used to interpret * the entity's text, or 
             null if this was not provided for a * character stream passed 
             through an InputSource or is otherwise not yet available in the 
             current parsing state. 
*org.xml.sax.ext.Locator2.getXMLVersion()*

public |java.lang.String| getXMLVersion()

Returns the version of XML used for the entity. This will normally be the 
identifier from the current entity's <?xmlversion='...'...?> declaration, or be 
defaulted by the parser. 


    Returns: Identifier for the XML version being used to interpret the entity's text, or 
             null if that information is not yet available in the current 
             parsing state. 

