*org.omg.CORBA.FixedHolder* *FixedHolder* The Holder for Fixed.

public final class FixedHolder
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |org.omg.CORBA.portable.Streamable|

|org.omg.CORBA.FixedHolder_Description|
|org.omg.CORBA.FixedHolder_Fields|
|org.omg.CORBA.FixedHolder_Constructors|
|org.omg.CORBA.FixedHolder_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.omg.CORBA.FixedHolder_Fields*
|java.math.BigDecimal_org.omg.CORBA.FixedHolder.value|

*org.omg.CORBA.FixedHolder_Constructors*
|org.omg.CORBA.FixedHolder()|Construct the FixedHolder without initializing the
|org.omg.CORBA.FixedHolder(BigDecimal)|Construct the FixedHolder and initialize

*org.omg.CORBA.FixedHolder_Methods*
|org.omg.CORBA.FixedHolder._read(InputStream)|Read a fixed point value from the
|org.omg.CORBA.FixedHolder._type()|Return the TypeCode of this holder object.
|org.omg.CORBA.FixedHolder._write(OutputStream)|Write the fixed point value sto

*org.omg.CORBA.FixedHolder_Description*

The Holder for Fixed. For more information on Holder files, see "Generated 
Files: Holder Files". FixedHolder is a container class for values of IDL type 
"fixed", which is mapped to the Java class java.math.BigDecimal. It is usually 
used to store "out" and "inout" IDL method parameters. If an IDL method 
signature has a fixed as an "out" or "inout" parameter, the programmer must 
pass an instance of FixedHolder as the corresponding parameter in the method 
invocation; for "inout" parameters, the programmer must also fill the "in" 
value to be sent to the server. Before the method invocation returns, the ORB 
will fill in the contained value corresponding to the "out" value returned from 
the server. 


*java.math.BigDecimal_org.omg.CORBA.FixedHolder.value*

The Holder for Fixed. For more information on Holder files, see "Generated 
Files: Holder Files". FixedHolder is a container class for values of IDL type 
"fixed", which is mapped to the Java class java.math.BigDecimal. It is usually 
used to store "out" and "inout" IDL method parameters. If an IDL method 
signature has a fixed as an "out" or "inout" parameter, the programmer must 
pass an instance of FixedHolder as the corresponding parameter in the method 
invocation; for "inout" parameters, the programmer must also fill the "in" 
value to be sent to the server. Before the method invocation returns, the ORB 
will fill in the contained value corresponding to the "out" value returned from 
the server. 



*org.omg.CORBA.FixedHolder()*

public FixedHolder()

Construct the FixedHolder without initializing the contained value. 


*org.omg.CORBA.FixedHolder(BigDecimal)*

public FixedHolder(java.math.BigDecimal initial)

Construct the FixedHolder and initialize it with the given value. 

    initial - the value used to initialize the FixedHolder 

*org.omg.CORBA.FixedHolder._read(InputStream)*

public void _read(org.omg.CORBA.portable.InputStream input)

Read a fixed point value from the input stream and store it in the value 
member. 

    input - the InputStream to read from. 

*org.omg.CORBA.FixedHolder._type()*

public |org.omg.CORBA.TypeCode| _type()

Return the TypeCode of this holder object. 


    Returns: the TypeCode object. 
*org.omg.CORBA.FixedHolder._write(OutputStream)*

public void _write(org.omg.CORBA.portable.OutputStream output)

Write the fixed point value stored in this holder to an OutputStream. 

    output - the OutputStream to write into. 


