*javax.print.attribute.standard.PagesPerMinuteColor* *PagesPerMinuteColor* Class

public final class PagesPerMinuteColor
  extends    |javax.print.attribute.IntegerSyntax|
  implements |javax.print.attribute.PrintServiceAttribute|

|javax.print.attribute.standard.PagesPerMinuteColor_Description|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PagesPerMinuteColor_Fields|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PagesPerMinuteColor_Constructors|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PagesPerMinuteColor_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.print.attribute.standard.PagesPerMinuteColor_Constructors*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PagesPerMinuteColor(int)|Construct a new pages 

*javax.print.attribute.standard.PagesPerMinuteColor_Methods*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PagesPerMinuteColor.equals(Object)|Returns whet
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PagesPerMinuteColor.getCategory()|Get the print
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PagesPerMinuteColor.getName()|Get the name of t

*javax.print.attribute.standard.PagesPerMinuteColor_Description*

Class PagesPerMinuteColor is an integer valued printing attribute that 
indicates the nominal number of pages per minute to the nearest whole number 
which may be generated by this printer when printing color (e.g., simplex, 
color). For purposes of this attribute, "color" means the same as for the 
ColorSupported(|javax.print.attribute.standard.ColorSupported|) attribute, 
namely, the device is capable of any type of color printing at all, including 
highlight color as well as full process color. This attribute is informative, 
not a service guarantee. Generally, it is the value used in the marketing 
literature to describe the color capabilities of this device. A value of 0 
indicates a device that takes more than two minutes to process a page. If a 
color device has several color modes, it may use the pages-per- minute value 
for this attribute that corresponds to the mode that produces the highest 
number. 

A black and white only printer must not include the PagesPerMinuteColor 
attribute in its attribute set or service registration. If this attribute is 
present, then the 
ColorSupported(|javax.print.attribute.standard.ColorSupported|) printer 
description attribute must also be present and have a value of SUPPORTED. 

IPP Compatibility: The integer value gives the IPP integer value. The category 
name returned by getName() gives the IPP attribute name. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.PagesPerMinuteColor(int)*

public PagesPerMinuteColor(int value)

Construct a new pages per minute color attribute with the given integer value. 

    value - Integer value. 

*javax.print.attribute.standard.PagesPerMinuteColor.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object object)

Returns whether this pages per minute color attribute is equivalent to the 
passed in object. To be equivalent, all of the following conditions must be 
true: 

object is not null. 

object is an instance of class PagesPerMinuteColor. 

This pages per minute attribute's value and object's value are equal. 

    object - Object to compare to. 

    Returns: True if object is equivalent to this pages per minute color attribute, false 
             otherwise. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.PagesPerMinuteColor.getCategory()*

public final |java.lang.Class| getCategory()

Get the printing attribute class which is to be used as the "category" for this 
printing attribute value. 

For class PagesPerMinuteColor, the category is class PagesPerMinuteColor 
itself. 


    Returns: Printing attribute class (category), an instance of class {@link 
             java.lang.Class java.lang.Class}. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.PagesPerMinuteColor.getName()*

public final |java.lang.String| getName()

Get the name of the category of which this attribute value is an instance. 

For class PagesPerMinuteColor, the category name is "pages-per-minute-color". 


    Returns: Attribute category name. 

