*java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextServices* *BeanContextServices* 
 The BeanCon

public interface interface BeanContextServices

  implements |java.beans.beancontext.BeanContext|
             |java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextServicesListener|

|java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextServices_Description|
|java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextServices_Fields|
|java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextServices_Constructors|
|java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextServices_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextServices_Methods*
|java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextServices.addBeanContextServicesListener(BeanContextServicesListener)|
|java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextServices.addService(Class,BeanContextServiceProvider)|
|java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextServices.getCurrentServiceClasses()|Gets the
|java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextServices.getCurrentServiceSelectors(Class)|G
|java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextServices.getService(BeanContextChild,Object,Class,Object,BeanContextServiceRevokedListener)|
|java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextServices.hasService(Class)|Reports whether o
|java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextServices.releaseService(BeanContextChild,Object,Object)|
|java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextServices.removeBeanContextServicesListener(BeanContextServicesListener)|
|java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextServices.revokeService(Class,BeanContextServiceProvider,boolean)|

*java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextServices_Description*

The BeanContextServices interface provides a mechanism for a BeanContext to 
expose generic "services" to the BeanContextChild objects within. 


*java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextServices.addBeanContextServicesListener(BeanContextServicesListener)*

public void addBeanContextServicesListener(java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextServicesListener bcsl)

Adds a BeanContextServicesListener to this BeanContext 

    bcsl - the BeanContextServicesListener to add 

*java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextServices.addService(Class,BeanContextServiceProvider)*

public boolean addService(
  java.lang.Class serviceClass,
  java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextServiceProvider serviceProvider)

Adds a service to this BeanContext. BeanContextServiceProviders call this 
method to register a particular service with this context. If the service has 
not previously been added, the BeanContextServices associates the service with 
the BeanContextServiceProvider and fires a BeanContextServiceAvailableEvent to 
all currently registered BeanContextServicesListeners. The method then returns 
true, indicating that the addition of the service was successful. If the given 
service has already been added, this method simply returns false. 

    serviceClass - the service to add 
    serviceProvider - the BeanContextServiceProvider associated with the service 

*java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextServices.getCurrentServiceClasses()*

public |java.util.Iterator| getCurrentServiceClasses()

Gets the currently available services for this context. 


    Returns: an Iterator consisting of the currently available services 
*java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextServices.getCurrentServiceSelectors(Class)*

public |java.util.Iterator| getCurrentServiceSelectors(java.lang.Class serviceClass)

Gets the list of service dependent service parameters (Service Selectors) for 
the specified service, by calling getCurrentServiceSelectors() on the 
underlying BeanContextServiceProvider. 

    serviceClass - the specified service 

    Returns: the currently available service selectors for the named serviceClass 
*java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextServices.getService(BeanContextChild,Object,Class,Object,BeanContextServiceRevokedListener)*

public |java.lang.Object| getService(
  java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextChild child,
  java.lang.Object requestor,
  java.lang.Class serviceClass,
  java.lang.Object serviceSelector,
  java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextServiceRevokedListener bcsrl)
  throws |java.util.TooManyListenersException|
         
A BeanContextChild, or any arbitrary object associated with a BeanContextChild, 
may obtain a reference to a currently registered service from its nesting 
BeanContextServices via invocation of this method. When invoked, this method 
gets the service by calling the getService() method on the underlying 
BeanContextServiceProvider. 

    child - the BeanContextChild associated with this request 
    requestor - the object requesting the service 
    serviceClass - class of the requested service 
    serviceSelector - the service dependent parameter 
    bcsrl - the BeanContextServiceRevokedListener to notify if the service should later 
       become revoked 

    Returns: a reference to this context's named Service as requested or null 
*java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextServices.hasService(Class)*

public boolean hasService(java.lang.Class serviceClass)

Reports whether or not a given service is currently available from this 
context. 

    serviceClass - the service in question 

    Returns: true if the service is available 
*java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextServices.releaseService(BeanContextChild,Object,Object)*

public void releaseService(
  java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextChild child,
  java.lang.Object requestor,
  java.lang.Object service)

Releases a BeanContextChild's (or any arbitrary object associated with a 
BeanContextChild) reference to the specified service by calling 
releaseService() on the underlying BeanContextServiceProvider. 

    child - the BeanContextChild 
    requestor - the requestor 
    service - the service 

*java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextServices.removeBeanContextServicesListener(BeanContextServicesListener)*

public void removeBeanContextServicesListener(java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextServicesListener bcsl)

Removes a BeanContextServicesListener from this BeanContext 

    bcsl - the BeanContextServicesListener to remove from this context 

*java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextServices.revokeService(Class,BeanContextServiceProvider,boolean)*

public void revokeService(
  java.lang.Class serviceClass,
  java.beans.beancontext.BeanContextServiceProvider serviceProvider,
  boolean revokeCurrentServicesNow)

BeanContextServiceProviders wishing to remove a currently registered service 
from this context may do so via invocation of this method. Upon revocation of 
the service, the BeanContextServices fires a BeanContextServiceRevokedEvent to 
its list of currently registered BeanContextServiceRevokedListeners and 
BeanContextServicesListeners. 

    serviceClass - the service to revoke from this BeanContextServices 
    serviceProvider - the BeanContextServiceProvider associated with this particular service that is 
       being revoked 
    revokeCurrentServicesNow - a value of true indicates an exceptional circumstance where the 
       BeanContextServiceProvider or BeanContextServices wishes to immediately 
       terminate service to all currently outstanding references to the 
       specified service. 


