*java.lang.Thread.State* *Thread.State* A thread state.

public static final class Thread.State
  extends    |java.lang.Enum|

|java.lang.Thread.State_Description|
|java.lang.Thread.State_Fields|
|java.lang.Thread.State_Constructors|
|java.lang.Thread.State_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.lang.Thread.State_Fields*
|java.lang.Thread.State_java.lang.Thread.State.BLOCKED|
|java.lang.Thread.State_java.lang.Thread.State.NEW|
|java.lang.Thread.State_java.lang.Thread.State.RUNNABLE|
|java.lang.Thread.State_java.lang.Thread.State.TERMINATED|
|java.lang.Thread.State_java.lang.Thread.State.TIMED_WAITING|
|java.lang.Thread.State_java.lang.Thread.State.WAITING|

*java.lang.Thread.State_Methods*
|java.lang.Thread.State.valueOf(String)|
|java.lang.Thread.State.values()|

*java.lang.Thread.State_Description*

A thread state. A thread can be in one of the following states: 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that has not yet started is in this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread executing in the Java virtual machine is in 
this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that is blocked waiting for a monitor lock 
is in this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that is waiting indefinitely for another 
thread to perform a particular action is in this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that is waiting for another thread to 
perform an action for up to a specified waiting time is in this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that has exited is in this state. 



A thread can be in only one state at a given point in time. These states are 
virtual machine states which do not reflect any operating system thread states. 


*java.lang.Thread.State_java.lang.Thread.State.BLOCKED*

A thread state. A thread can be in one of the following states: 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that has not yet started is in this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread executing in the Java virtual machine is in 
this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that is blocked waiting for a monitor lock 
is in this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that is waiting indefinitely for another 
thread to perform a particular action is in this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that is waiting for another thread to 
perform an action for up to a specified waiting time is in this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that has exited is in this state. 



A thread can be in only one state at a given point in time. These states are 
virtual machine states which do not reflect any operating system thread states. 


*java.lang.Thread.State_java.lang.Thread.State.NEW*

A thread state. A thread can be in one of the following states: 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that has not yet started is in this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread executing in the Java virtual machine is in 
this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that is blocked waiting for a monitor lock 
is in this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that is waiting indefinitely for another 
thread to perform a particular action is in this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that is waiting for another thread to 
perform an action for up to a specified waiting time is in this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that has exited is in this state. 



A thread can be in only one state at a given point in time. These states are 
virtual machine states which do not reflect any operating system thread states. 


*java.lang.Thread.State_java.lang.Thread.State.RUNNABLE*

A thread state. A thread can be in one of the following states: 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that has not yet started is in this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread executing in the Java virtual machine is in 
this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that is blocked waiting for a monitor lock 
is in this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that is waiting indefinitely for another 
thread to perform a particular action is in this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that is waiting for another thread to 
perform an action for up to a specified waiting time is in this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that has exited is in this state. 



A thread can be in only one state at a given point in time. These states are 
virtual machine states which do not reflect any operating system thread states. 


*java.lang.Thread.State_java.lang.Thread.State.TERMINATED*

A thread state. A thread can be in one of the following states: 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that has not yet started is in this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread executing in the Java virtual machine is in 
this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that is blocked waiting for a monitor lock 
is in this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that is waiting indefinitely for another 
thread to perform a particular action is in this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that is waiting for another thread to 
perform an action for up to a specified waiting time is in this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that has exited is in this state. 



A thread can be in only one state at a given point in time. These states are 
virtual machine states which do not reflect any operating system thread states. 


*java.lang.Thread.State_java.lang.Thread.State.TIMED_WAITING*

A thread state. A thread can be in one of the following states: 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that has not yet started is in this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread executing in the Java virtual machine is in 
this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that is blocked waiting for a monitor lock 
is in this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that is waiting indefinitely for another 
thread to perform a particular action is in this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that is waiting for another thread to 
perform an action for up to a specified waiting time is in this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that has exited is in this state. 



A thread can be in only one state at a given point in time. These states are 
virtual machine states which do not reflect any operating system thread states. 


*java.lang.Thread.State_java.lang.Thread.State.WAITING*

A thread state. A thread can be in one of the following states: 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that has not yet started is in this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread executing in the Java virtual machine is in 
this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that is blocked waiting for a monitor lock 
is in this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that is waiting indefinitely for another 
thread to perform a particular action is in this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that is waiting for another thread to 
perform an action for up to a specified waiting time is in this state. 

(|java.lang.Thread.State|) A thread that has exited is in this state. 



A thread can be in only one state at a given point in time. These states are 
virtual machine states which do not reflect any operating system thread states. 



*java.lang.Thread.State.valueOf(String)*

public static |java.lang.Thread.State| valueOf(java.lang.String name)




*java.lang.Thread.State.values()*

public static final |java.lang.Thread.State| values()





