*java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer* *Pack200.Packer* The packer engine applies various transformations to the input JAR file,
 making the pack stream highly compressible by a compressor

public static interface interface Pack200.Packer


|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer_Description|
|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer_Fields|
|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer_Constructors|
|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer_Methods|

====================================================================================================================================================================================

*java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer_Fields*
|java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.CLASS_ATTRIBUTE_PFX|
|java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.CODE_ATTRIBUTE_PFX|
|java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.DEFLATE_HINT|
|java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.EFFORT|
|java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.ERROR|
|java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.FALSE|
|java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.FIELD_ATTRIBUTE_PFX|
|java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.KEEP|
|java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.KEEP_FILE_ORDER|
|java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.LATEST|
|java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.METHOD_ATTRIBUTE_PFX|
|java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.MODIFICATION_TIME|
|java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.PASS|
|java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.PASS_FILE_PFX|
|java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.PROGRESS|
|java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.SEGMENT_LIMIT|
|java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.STRIP|
|java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.TRUE|
|java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.UNKNOWN_ATTRIBUTE|

*java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer_Methods*
|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.addPropertyChangeListener(PropertyChangeListener)|Registers a listener for PropertyChange events on the properties map.
|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.pack(JarFile,OutputStream)|Takes a JarFile and converts it into a Pack200 archive.
|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.pack(JarInputStream,OutputStream)|Takes a JarInputStream and converts it into a Pack200 archive.
|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.properties()|Get the set of this engine's properties.
|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.removePropertyChangeListener(PropertyChangeListener)|Remove a listener for PropertyChange events, added by  the#addPropertyChangeListener.

*java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer_Description*

The packer engine applies various transformations to the input JAR file, making the pack stream highly compressible by a compressor such as gzip or zip. An instance of the engine 
can be obtained using (|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) . 

The high degree of compression is achieved by using a number of techniques described in the JSR 200 specification. Some of the techniques are sorting, re-ordering and co-location 
of the constant pool. 

The pack engine is initialized to an initial state as described by their properties below. The initial state can be manipulated by getting the engine properties (using 
(|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) ) and storing the modified properties on the map. The resource files will be passed through with no changes at all. The class files will not 
contain identical bytes, since the unpacker is free to change minor class file features such as constant pool order. However, the class files will be semantically identical, as 
specified in the Java Virtual Machine Specification http://java.sun.com/docs/books/vmspec/html/ClassFile.doc.html. 

By default, the packer does not change the order of JAR elements. Also, the modification time and deflation hint of each JAR element is passed unchanged. (Any other ZIP-archive 
information, such as extra attributes giving Unix file permissions, are lost.) 

Note that packing and unpacking a JAR will in general alter the bytewise contents of classfiles in the JAR. This means that packing and unpacking will in general invalidate any 
digital signatures which rely on bytewise images of JAR elements. In order both to sign and to pack a JAR, you must first pack and unpack the JAR to "normalize" it, then compute 
signatures on the unpacked JAR elements, and finally repack the signed JAR. Both packing steps should use precisely the same options, and the segment limit may also need to be set 
to "-1", to prevent accidental variation of segment boundaries as class file sizes change slightly. 

(Here's why this works: Any reordering the packer does of any classfile structures is idempotent, so the second packing does not change the orderings produced by the first 
packing. Also, the unpacker is guaranteed by the JSR 200 specification to produce a specific bytewise image for any given transmission ordering of archive elements.) 



*java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.CLASS_ATTRIBUTE_PFX*

When concatenated with a class attribute name, indicates the format of that attribute, using the layout language specified in the JSR 200 specification. 

For example, the effect of this option is built in: pack.class.attribute.SourceFile=RUH. 

The special strings (|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) , (|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) , and (|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) are also allowed, with the same meaning as 
(|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) . This provides a way for users to request that specific attributes be refused, stripped, or passed bitwise (with no class compression). 

Code like this might be used to support attributes for JCOV: 

Map p = packer.properties(); p.put(CODE_ATTRIBUTE_PFX+"CoverageTable", "NH[PHHII]"); p.put(CODE_ATTRIBUTE_PFX+"CharacterRangeTable", "NH[PHPOHIIH]"); 
p.put(CLASS_ATTRIBUTE_PFX+"SourceID", "RUH"); p.put(CLASS_ATTRIBUTE_PFX+"CompilationID", "RUH"); 

Code like this might be used to strip debugging attributes: 

Map p = packer.properties(); p.put(CODE_ATTRIBUTE_PFX+"LineNumberTable", STRIP); p.put(CODE_ATTRIBUTE_PFX+"LocalVariableTable", STRIP); p.put(CLASS_ATTRIBUTE_PFX+"SourceFile", 
STRIP); 


*java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.CODE_ATTRIBUTE_PFX*

When concatenated with a code attribute name, indicates the format of that attribute. For example, the effect of this option is built in: 
pack.code.attribute.LocalVariableTable=NH[PHOHRUHRSHH]. The special strings (|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) , (|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) , and 
(|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) are also allowed. 


*java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.DEFLATE_HINT*

If this property is set to (|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) or (|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) , the packer will set the deflation hint accordingly in the output archive, and 
will not transmit the individual deflation hints of archive elements. 

If this property is set to the special string (|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) , the packer will attempt to determine an independent deflation hint for each available element of 
the input archive, and transmit this hint separately. 

The default is (|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) , which preserves the input information, but may cause the transmitted archive to be larger than necessary. 

It is up to the unpacker implementation to take action upon the hint to suitably compress the elements of the resulting unpacked jar. 

The deflation hint of a ZIP or JAR element indicates whether the element was deflated or stored directly. 


*java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.EFFORT*

If this property is set to a single decimal digit, the packer will use the indicated amount of effort in compressing the archive. Level 1 may produce somewhat larger size and 
faster compression speed, while level 9 will take much longer but may produce better compression. 

The special value 0 instructs the packer to copy through the original JAR file directly, with no compression. The JSR 200 standard requires any unpacker to understand this special 
case as a pass-through of the entire archive. 

The default is 5, investing a modest amount of time to produce reasonable compression. 


*java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.ERROR*

The string "error", a possible value for certain properties. 


*java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.FALSE*

The string "false", a possible value for certain properties. 


*java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.FIELD_ATTRIBUTE_PFX*

When concatenated with a field attribute name, indicates the format of that attribute. For example, the effect of this option is built in: pack.field.attribute.Deprecated=. The 
special strings (|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) , (|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) , and (|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) are also allowed. 


*java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.KEEP*

The string "keep", a possible value for certain properties. 


*java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.KEEP_FILE_ORDER*

If this property is set to (|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) , the packer will transmit all elements in their original order within the source archive. 

If it is set to (|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) , the packer may reorder elements, and also remove JAR directory entries, which carry no useful information for Java applications. 
(Typically this enables better compression.) 

The default is (|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) , which preserves the input information, but may cause the transmitted archive to be larger than necessary. 


*java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.LATEST*

The string "latest", a possible value for certain properties. 


*java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.METHOD_ATTRIBUTE_PFX*

When concatenated with a method attribute name, indicates the format of that attribute. For example, the effect of this option is built in: 
pack.method.attribute.Exceptions=NH[RCH]. The special strings (|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) , (|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) , and (|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) are also 
allowed. 


*java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.MODIFICATION_TIME*

If this property is set to the special string (|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) , the packer will attempt to determine the latest modification time, among all the available entries 
in the original archive or the latest modification time of all the available entries in each segment. This single value will be transmitted as part of the segment and applied to 
all the entries in each segment, (|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) . 

This can marginally decrease the transmitted size of the archive, at the expense of setting all installed files to a single date. 

If this property is set to the special string (|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) , the packer transmits a separate modification time for each input element. 

The default is (|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) , which preserves the input information, but may cause the transmitted archive to be larger than necessary. 

It is up to the unpacker implementation to take action to suitably set the modification time of each element of its output file. 


*java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.PASS*

The string "pass", a possible value for certain properties. 


*java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.PASS_FILE_PFX*

Indicates that a file should be passed through bytewise, with no compression. Multiple files may be specified by specifying additional properties with distinct strings appended, 
to make a family of properties with the common prefix. 

There is no pathname transformation, except that the system file separator is replaced by the JAR file separator '/'. 

The resulting file names must match exactly as strings with their occurrences in the JAR file. 

If a property value is a directory name, all files under that directory will be passed also. 

Examples: 

Map p = packer.properties(); p.put(PASS_FILE_PFX+0, "mutants/Rogue.class"); p.put(PASS_FILE_PFX+1, "mutants/Wolverine.class"); p.put(PASS_FILE_PFX+2, "mutants/Storm.class"); # 
Pass all files in an entire directory hierarchy: p.put(PASS_FILE_PFX+3, "police/"); 

. 


*java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.PROGRESS*

The unpacker's progress as a percentage, as periodically updated by the unpacker. Values of 0 - 100 are normal, and -1 indicates a stall. Observe this property with a 
(|java.beans.PropertyChangeListener|) . 

At a minimum, the unpacker must set progress to 0 at the beginning of a packing operation, and to 100 at the end. 


*java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.SEGMENT_LIMIT*

This property is a numeral giving the estimated target size N (in bytes) of each archive segment. If a single input file requires more than N bytes, it will be given its own 
archive segment. 

As a special case, a value of -1 will produce a single large segment with all input files, while a value of 0 will produce one segment for each class. Larger archive segments 
result in less fragmentation and better compression, but processing them requires more memory. 

The size of each segment is estimated by counting the size of each input file to be transmitted in the segment, along with the size of its name and other transmitted properties. 

The default is 1000000 (a million bytes). This allows input JAR files of moderate size to be transmitted in one segment. It also puts a limit on memory requirements for packers 
and unpackers. 

A 10Mb JAR packed without this limit will typically pack about 10% smaller, but the packer may require a larger Java heap (about ten times the segment limit). 


*java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.STRIP*

The string "strip", a possible value for certain properties. 


*java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.TRUE*

The string "true", a possible value for certain properties. 


*java.lang.String_java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.UNKNOWN_ATTRIBUTE*

Indicates the action to take when a class-file containing an unknown attribute is encountered. Possible values are the strings (|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) , 
(|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) , and (|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) . 

The string (|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) means that the pack operation as a whole will fail, with a suitable explanation. The string (|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) means that 
the attribute will be dropped. The string (|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) means that the whole class-file will be passed through (as if it were a resource file) without 
compression, with a suitable warning. This is the default value for this property. 

Examples: 

Map p = pack200.getProperties(); p.put(UNKNOWN_ATTRIBUTE, ERROR); p.put(UNKNOWN_ATTRIBUTE, STRIP); p.put(UNKNOWN_ATTRIBUTE, PASS); 



*java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.addPropertyChangeListener(PropertyChangeListener)*

public void addPropertyChangeListener(java.beans.PropertyChangeListener listener)

Registers a listener for PropertyChange events on the properties map. This is typically used by applications to update a progress bar. 


    listener - An object to be invoked when a property is changed. 

*java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.pack(JarFile,OutputStream)*

public void pack(
  java.util.jar.JarFile in,
  java.io.OutputStream out)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Takes a JarFile and converts it into a Pack200 archive. 

Closes its input but not its output. (Pack200 archives are appendable.) 


    in - a JarFile 
    out - an OutputStream 

*java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.pack(JarInputStream,OutputStream)*

public void pack(
  java.util.jar.JarInputStream in,
  java.io.OutputStream out)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Takes a JarInputStream and converts it into a Pack200 archive. 

Closes its input but not its output. (Pack200 archives are appendable.) 

The modification time and deflation hint attributes are not available, for the JAR manifest file and its containing directory. 


    in - a JarInputStream 
    out - an OutputStream 

*java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.properties()*

public |java.util.SortedMap|<String,String> properties()

Get the set of this engine's properties. This set is a "live view", so that changing its contents immediately affects the Packer engine, and changes from the engine (such as 
progress indications) are immediately visible in the map. 

The property map may contain pre-defined implementation specific and default properties. Users are encouraged to read the information and fully understand the implications, before 
modifying pre-existing properties. 

Implementation specific properties are prefixed with a package name associated with the implementor, beginning with com. or a similar prefix. All property names beginning with 
pack. and unpack. are reserved for use by this API. 

Unknown properties may be ignored or rejected with an unspecified error, and invalid entries may cause an unspecified error to be thrown. 

The returned map implements all optional (|java.util.SortedMap|) operations 



    Returns: A sorted association of property key strings to property values. 

*java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer.removePropertyChangeListener(PropertyChangeListener)*

public void removePropertyChangeListener(java.beans.PropertyChangeListener listener)

Remove a listener for PropertyChange events, added by the (|java.util.jar.Pack200.Packer|) . 


    listener - The PropertyChange listener to be removed. 


