*javax.accessibility.AccessibleAction* *AccessibleAction* The AccessibleAction i

public interface interface AccessibleAction


|javax.accessibility.AccessibleAction_Description|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleAction_Fields|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleAction_Constructors|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleAction_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleAction_Fields*
|java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleAction.DECREMENT|
|java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleAction.INCREMENT|
|java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleAction.TOGGLE_EXPAND|

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleAction_Methods*
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleAction.doAccessibleAction(int)|Performs the spec
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleAction.getAccessibleActionCount()|Returns the nu
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleAction.getAccessibleActionDescription(int)|Retur

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleAction_Description*

The AccessibleAction interface should be supported by any object that can 
perform one or more actions. This interface provides the standard mechanism for 
an assistive technology to determine what those actions are as well as tell the 
object to perform them. Any object that can be manipulated should support this 
interface. Applications can determine if an object supports the 
AccessibleAction interface by first obtaining its AccessibleContext (see 
(|javax.accessibility.Accessible|) ) and then calling the 
(|javax.accessibility.AccessibleContext|) method. If the return value is not 
null, the object supports this interface. 


*java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleAction.DECREMENT*

The AccessibleAction interface should be supported by any object that can 
perform one or more actions. This interface provides the standard mechanism for 
an assistive technology to determine what those actions are as well as tell the 
object to perform them. Any object that can be manipulated should support this 
interface. Applications can determine if an object supports the 
AccessibleAction interface by first obtaining its AccessibleContext (see 
(|javax.accessibility.Accessible|) ) and then calling the 
(|javax.accessibility.AccessibleContext|) method. If the return value is not 
null, the object supports this interface. 


*java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleAction.INCREMENT*

The AccessibleAction interface should be supported by any object that can 
perform one or more actions. This interface provides the standard mechanism for 
an assistive technology to determine what those actions are as well as tell the 
object to perform them. Any object that can be manipulated should support this 
interface. Applications can determine if an object supports the 
AccessibleAction interface by first obtaining its AccessibleContext (see 
(|javax.accessibility.Accessible|) ) and then calling the 
(|javax.accessibility.AccessibleContext|) method. If the return value is not 
null, the object supports this interface. 


*java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleAction.TOGGLE_EXPAND*

The AccessibleAction interface should be supported by any object that can 
perform one or more actions. This interface provides the standard mechanism for 
an assistive technology to determine what those actions are as well as tell the 
object to perform them. Any object that can be manipulated should support this 
interface. Applications can determine if an object supports the 
AccessibleAction interface by first obtaining its AccessibleContext (see 
(|javax.accessibility.Accessible|) ) and then calling the 
(|javax.accessibility.AccessibleContext|) method. If the return value is not 
null, the object supports this interface. 



*javax.accessibility.AccessibleAction.doAccessibleAction(int)*

public boolean doAccessibleAction(int i)

Performs the specified Action on the object 

    i - zero-based index of actions 

    Returns: true if the action was performed; otherwise false. 
*javax.accessibility.AccessibleAction.getAccessibleActionCount()*

public int getAccessibleActionCount()

Returns the number of accessible actions available in this object If there are 
more than one, the first one is considered the "default" action of the object. 


    Returns: the zero-based number of Actions in this object 
*javax.accessibility.AccessibleAction.getAccessibleActionDescription(int)*

public |java.lang.String| getAccessibleActionDescription(int i)

Returns a description of the specified action of the object. 

    i - zero-based index of the actions 

    Returns: a String description of the action 

