*javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality* *PrintQuality* Class PrintQuality 

public class PrintQuality
  extends    |javax.print.attribute.EnumSyntax|
  implements |javax.print.attribute.DocAttribute|
             |javax.print.attribute.PrintRequestAttribute|
             |javax.print.attribute.PrintJobAttribute|

|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality_Description|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality_Fields|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality_Constructors|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality_Fields*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality_javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality.DRAFT|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality_javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality.HIGH|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality_javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality.NORMAL|

*javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality_Constructors*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality(int)|Construct a new print quality

*javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality_Methods*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality.getCategory()|Get the printing att
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality.getEnumValueTable()|Returns the en
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality.getName()|Get the name of the cate
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality.getOffset()|Returns the lowest int
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality.getStringTable()|Returns the strin

*javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality_Description*

Class PrintQuality is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that 
specifies the print quality that the printer uses for the job. 

IPP Compatibility: The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality_javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality.DRAFT*

Class PrintQuality is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that 
specifies the print quality that the printer uses for the job. 

IPP Compatibility: The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality_javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality.HIGH*

Class PrintQuality is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that 
specifies the print quality that the printer uses for the job. 

IPP Compatibility: The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality_javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality.NORMAL*

Class PrintQuality is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that 
specifies the print quality that the printer uses for the job. 

IPP Compatibility: The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 



*javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality(int)*

protected PrintQuality(int value)

Construct a new print quality enumeration value with the given integer value. 

    value - Integer value. 

*javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality.getCategory()*

public final |java.lang.Class| getCategory()

Get the printing attribute class which is to be used as the "category" for this 
printing attribute value. 

For class PrintQuality and any vendor-defined subclasses, the category is class 
PrintQuality itself. 


    Returns: Printing attribute class (category), an instance of class {@link 
             java.lang.Class java.lang.Class}. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality.getEnumValueTable()*

protected |javax.print.attribute.EnumSyntax| getEnumValueTable()

Returns the enumeration value table for class PrintQuality. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality.getName()*

public final |java.lang.String| getName()

Get the name of the category of which this attribute value is an instance. 

For class PrintQuality and any vendor-defined subclasses, the category name is 
"print-quality". 


    Returns: Attribute category name. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality.getOffset()*

protected int getOffset()

Returns the lowest integer value used by class PrintQuality. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.PrintQuality.getStringTable()*

protected |java.lang.String| getStringTable()

Returns the string table for class PrintQuality. 



