*javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection* *PresentationDirection* C

public final class PresentationDirection
  extends    |javax.print.attribute.EnumSyntax|
  implements |javax.print.attribute.PrintJobAttribute|
             |javax.print.attribute.PrintRequestAttribute|

|javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection_Description|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection_Fields|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection_Constructors|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection_Fields*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection_javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection.TOBOTTOM_TOLEFT|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection_javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection.TOBOTTOM_TORIGHT|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection_javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection.TOLEFT_TOBOTTOM|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection_javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection.TOLEFT_TOTOP|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection_javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection.TORIGHT_TOBOTTOM|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection_javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection.TORIGHT_TOTOP|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection_javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection.TOTOP_TOLEFT|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection_javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection.TOTOP_TORIGHT|

*javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection_Methods*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection.getCategory()|Get the pri
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection.getEnumValueTable()|Retur
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection.getName()|Get the name of
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection.getStringTable()|Returns 

*javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection_Description*

Class PresentationDirection is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that 
is used in conjunction with the 
NumberUp(|javax.print.attribute.standard.NumberUp|) attribute to indicate the 
layout of multiple print-stream pages to impose upon a single side of an 
instance of a selected medium. This is useful to mirror the text layout 
conventions of different scripts. For example, English is "toright-tobottom", 
Hebrew is "toleft-tobottom" and Japanese is usually "tobottom-toleft". 

IPP Compatibility: This attribute is not an IPP 1.1 attribute; it is an 
attribute in the Production Printing Extension (PDF) of IPP 1.1. The category 
name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute name. The enumeration's integer 
value is the IPP enum value. The toString() method returns the IPP string 
representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection_javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection.TOBOTTOM_TOLEFT*

Class PresentationDirection is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that 
is used in conjunction with the 
NumberUp(|javax.print.attribute.standard.NumberUp|) attribute to indicate the 
layout of multiple print-stream pages to impose upon a single side of an 
instance of a selected medium. This is useful to mirror the text layout 
conventions of different scripts. For example, English is "toright-tobottom", 
Hebrew is "toleft-tobottom" and Japanese is usually "tobottom-toleft". 

IPP Compatibility: This attribute is not an IPP 1.1 attribute; it is an 
attribute in the Production Printing Extension (PDF) of IPP 1.1. The category 
name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute name. The enumeration's integer 
value is the IPP enum value. The toString() method returns the IPP string 
representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection_javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection.TOBOTTOM_TORIGHT*

Class PresentationDirection is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that 
is used in conjunction with the 
NumberUp(|javax.print.attribute.standard.NumberUp|) attribute to indicate the 
layout of multiple print-stream pages to impose upon a single side of an 
instance of a selected medium. This is useful to mirror the text layout 
conventions of different scripts. For example, English is "toright-tobottom", 
Hebrew is "toleft-tobottom" and Japanese is usually "tobottom-toleft". 

IPP Compatibility: This attribute is not an IPP 1.1 attribute; it is an 
attribute in the Production Printing Extension (PDF) of IPP 1.1. The category 
name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute name. The enumeration's integer 
value is the IPP enum value. The toString() method returns the IPP string 
representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection_javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection.TOLEFT_TOBOTTOM*

Class PresentationDirection is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that 
is used in conjunction with the 
NumberUp(|javax.print.attribute.standard.NumberUp|) attribute to indicate the 
layout of multiple print-stream pages to impose upon a single side of an 
instance of a selected medium. This is useful to mirror the text layout 
conventions of different scripts. For example, English is "toright-tobottom", 
Hebrew is "toleft-tobottom" and Japanese is usually "tobottom-toleft". 

IPP Compatibility: This attribute is not an IPP 1.1 attribute; it is an 
attribute in the Production Printing Extension (PDF) of IPP 1.1. The category 
name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute name. The enumeration's integer 
value is the IPP enum value. The toString() method returns the IPP string 
representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection_javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection.TOLEFT_TOTOP*

Class PresentationDirection is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that 
is used in conjunction with the 
NumberUp(|javax.print.attribute.standard.NumberUp|) attribute to indicate the 
layout of multiple print-stream pages to impose upon a single side of an 
instance of a selected medium. This is useful to mirror the text layout 
conventions of different scripts. For example, English is "toright-tobottom", 
Hebrew is "toleft-tobottom" and Japanese is usually "tobottom-toleft". 

IPP Compatibility: This attribute is not an IPP 1.1 attribute; it is an 
attribute in the Production Printing Extension (PDF) of IPP 1.1. The category 
name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute name. The enumeration's integer 
value is the IPP enum value. The toString() method returns the IPP string 
representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection_javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection.TORIGHT_TOBOTTOM*

Class PresentationDirection is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that 
is used in conjunction with the 
NumberUp(|javax.print.attribute.standard.NumberUp|) attribute to indicate the 
layout of multiple print-stream pages to impose upon a single side of an 
instance of a selected medium. This is useful to mirror the text layout 
conventions of different scripts. For example, English is "toright-tobottom", 
Hebrew is "toleft-tobottom" and Japanese is usually "tobottom-toleft". 

IPP Compatibility: This attribute is not an IPP 1.1 attribute; it is an 
attribute in the Production Printing Extension (PDF) of IPP 1.1. The category 
name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute name. The enumeration's integer 
value is the IPP enum value. The toString() method returns the IPP string 
representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection_javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection.TORIGHT_TOTOP*

Class PresentationDirection is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that 
is used in conjunction with the 
NumberUp(|javax.print.attribute.standard.NumberUp|) attribute to indicate the 
layout of multiple print-stream pages to impose upon a single side of an 
instance of a selected medium. This is useful to mirror the text layout 
conventions of different scripts. For example, English is "toright-tobottom", 
Hebrew is "toleft-tobottom" and Japanese is usually "tobottom-toleft". 

IPP Compatibility: This attribute is not an IPP 1.1 attribute; it is an 
attribute in the Production Printing Extension (PDF) of IPP 1.1. The category 
name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute name. The enumeration's integer 
value is the IPP enum value. The toString() method returns the IPP string 
representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection_javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection.TOTOP_TOLEFT*

Class PresentationDirection is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that 
is used in conjunction with the 
NumberUp(|javax.print.attribute.standard.NumberUp|) attribute to indicate the 
layout of multiple print-stream pages to impose upon a single side of an 
instance of a selected medium. This is useful to mirror the text layout 
conventions of different scripts. For example, English is "toright-tobottom", 
Hebrew is "toleft-tobottom" and Japanese is usually "tobottom-toleft". 

IPP Compatibility: This attribute is not an IPP 1.1 attribute; it is an 
attribute in the Production Printing Extension (PDF) of IPP 1.1. The category 
name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute name. The enumeration's integer 
value is the IPP enum value. The toString() method returns the IPP string 
representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection_javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection.TOTOP_TORIGHT*

Class PresentationDirection is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that 
is used in conjunction with the 
NumberUp(|javax.print.attribute.standard.NumberUp|) attribute to indicate the 
layout of multiple print-stream pages to impose upon a single side of an 
instance of a selected medium. This is useful to mirror the text layout 
conventions of different scripts. For example, English is "toright-tobottom", 
Hebrew is "toleft-tobottom" and Japanese is usually "tobottom-toleft". 

IPP Compatibility: This attribute is not an IPP 1.1 attribute; it is an 
attribute in the Production Printing Extension (PDF) of IPP 1.1. The category 
name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute name. The enumeration's integer 
value is the IPP enum value. The toString() method returns the IPP string 
representation of the attribute value. 



*javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection.getCategory()*

public final |java.lang.Class| getCategory()

Get the printing attribute class which is to be used as the "category" for this 
printing attribute value. 

For class PresentationDirection the category is class PresentationDirection 
itself. 


    Returns: Printing attribute class (category), an instance of class {@link 
             java.lang.Class java.lang.Class}. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection.getEnumValueTable()*

protected |javax.print.attribute.EnumSyntax| getEnumValueTable()

Returns the enumeration value table for class PresentationDirection. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection.getName()*

public final |java.lang.String| getName()

Get the name of the category of which this attribute value is an instance. 

For class PresentationDirection the category name is "presentation-direction". 


    Returns: Attribute category name. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.PresentationDirection.getStringTable()*

protected |java.lang.String| getStringTable()

Returns the string table for class PresentationDirection. 



