*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport* *ModelMBeanInfoSupport* This

public class ModelMBeanInfoSupport
  extends    |javax.management.MBeanInfo|
  implements |javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfo|
             |java.io.Serializable|

|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport_Description|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport_Fields|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport_Constructors|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport_Constructors*
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport(ModelMBeanInfo)|Constructs a
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport(String,String,ModelMBeanAttributeInfo[],ModelMBeanConstructorInfo[],ModelMBeanOperationInfo[],ModelMBeanNotificationInfo[])|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport(String,String,ModelMBeanAttributeInfo[],ModelMBeanConstructorInfo[],ModelMBeanOperationInfo[],ModelMBeanNotificationInfo[],Descriptor)|

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport_Methods*
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport.clone()|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport.getAttribute(String)|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport.getConstructor(String)|Retur
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport.getDescriptor(String)|Return
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport.getDescriptor(String,String)|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport.getDescriptors(String)|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport.getMBeanDescriptor()|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport.getNotification(String)|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport.getOperation(String)|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport.setDescriptor(Descriptor,String)|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport.setDescriptors(Descriptor[])|
|javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport.setMBeanDescriptor(Descriptor)|

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport_Description*

This class represents the meta data for ModelMBeans. Descriptors have been 
added on the meta data objects. 

Java resources wishing to be manageable instantiate the ModelMBean using the 
MBeanServer's createMBean method. The resource then sets the ModelMBeanInfo and 
Descriptors for the ModelMBean instance. The attributes and operations exposed 
via the ModelMBeanInfo for the ModelMBean are accessible from MBeans, 
connectors/adaptors like other MBeans. Through the Descriptors, values and 
methods in the managed application can be defined and mapped to attributes and 
operations of the ModelMBean. This mapping can be defined during development in 
a file or dynamically and programmatically at runtime. 

Every ModelMBean which is instantiated in the MBeanServer becomes manageable: 
its attributes and operations become remotely accessible through the 
connectors/adaptors connected to that MBeanServer. A Java object cannot be 
registered in the MBeanServer unless it is a JMX compliant MBean. By 
instantiating a ModelMBean, resources are guaranteed that the MBean is valid. 

MBeanException and RuntimeOperationsException must be thrown on every public 
method. This allows for wrapping exceptions from distributed communications 
(RMI, EJB, etc.) 


*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport(ModelMBeanInfo)*

public ModelMBeanInfoSupport(javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfo mbi)

Constructs a ModelMBeanInfoSupport which is a duplicate of the one passed in. 

    mbi - the ModelMBeanInfo instance from which the ModelMBeanInfo being created is 
       initialized. 

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport(String,String,ModelMBeanAttributeInfo[],ModelMBeanConstructorInfo[],ModelMBeanOperationInfo[],ModelMBeanNotificationInfo[])*

public ModelMBeanInfoSupport(
  java.lang.String className,
  java.lang.String description,
  javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanAttributeInfo[] attributes,
  javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanConstructorInfo[] constructors,
  javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanOperationInfo[] operations,
  javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanNotificationInfo[] notifications)

Creates a ModelMBeanInfoSupport with the provided information, but the 
descriptor is a default. The default descriptor is: name=mbeanName, 
descriptorType=mbean, displayName=ClassName, persistPolicy=never, log=F, 
visibility=1 

    className - classname of the MBean 
    description - human readable description of the ModelMBean 
    attributes - array of ModelMBeanAttributeInfo objects which have descriptors 
    constructors - array of ModelMBeanConstructorInfo objects which have descriptors 
    operations - array of ModelMBeanOperationInfo objects which have descriptors 
    notifications - array of ModelMBeanNotificationInfo objects which have descriptors 

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport(String,String,ModelMBeanAttributeInfo[],ModelMBeanConstructorInfo[],ModelMBeanOperationInfo[],ModelMBeanNotificationInfo[],Descriptor)*

public ModelMBeanInfoSupport(
  java.lang.String className,
  java.lang.String description,
  javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanAttributeInfo[] attributes,
  javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanConstructorInfo[] constructors,
  javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanOperationInfo[] operations,
  javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanNotificationInfo[] notifications,
  javax.management.Descriptor mbeandescriptor)

Creates a ModelMBeanInfoSupport with the provided information and the 
descriptor given in parameter. 

    className - classname of the MBean 
    description - human readable description of the ModelMBean 
    attributes - array of ModelMBeanAttributeInfo objects which have descriptors 
    constructors - array of ModelMBeanConstructorInfo objects which have descriptor 
    operations - array of ModelMBeanOperationInfo objects which have descriptor 
    notifications - array of ModelMBeanNotificationInfo objects which have descriptor 
    mbeandescriptor - descriptor to be used as the MBeanDescriptor containing MBean wide policy. If 
       the descriptor is null, a default descriptor will be constructed. The 
       default descriptor is: name=className, descriptorType=mbean, 
       displayName=className, persistPolicy=never, log=F, visibility=1. If the 
       descriptor does not contain all these fields, they will be added with 
       these default values. 

*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport.clone()*

public |java.lang.Object| clone()




*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport.getAttribute(String)*

public |javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanAttributeInfo| getAttribute(java.lang.String inName)
  throws |javax.management.MBeanException|
         |javax.management.RuntimeOperationsException|
         



*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport.getConstructor(String)*

public |javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanConstructorInfo| getConstructor(java.lang.String inName)
  throws |javax.management.MBeanException|
         |javax.management.RuntimeOperationsException|
         
Returns the ModelMBeanConstructorInfo requested by name. If no 
ModelMBeanConstructorInfo exists for this name null is returned. 

    inName - the name of the constructor. 

    Returns: the constructor info for the named constructor, or null if there is none. 
*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport.getDescriptor(String)*

public |javax.management.Descriptor| getDescriptor(java.lang.String inDescriptorName)
  throws |javax.management.MBeanException|
         |javax.management.RuntimeOperationsException|
         
Returns a Descriptor requested by name. 

    inDescriptorName - The name of the descriptor. 

    Returns: Descriptor containing a descriptor for the ModelMBean with the same name. If no 
             descriptor is found, null is returned. 
*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport.getDescriptor(String,String)*

public |javax.management.Descriptor| getDescriptor(
  java.lang.String inDescriptorName,
  java.lang.String inDescriptorType)
  throws |javax.management.MBeanException|
         |javax.management.RuntimeOperationsException|
         



*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport.getDescriptors(String)*

public |javax.management.Descriptor| getDescriptors(java.lang.String inDescriptorType)
  throws |javax.management.MBeanException|
         |javax.management.RuntimeOperationsException|
         



*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport.getMBeanDescriptor()*

public |javax.management.Descriptor| getMBeanDescriptor()
  throws |javax.management.MBeanException|
         |javax.management.RuntimeOperationsException|
         



*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport.getNotification(String)*

public |javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanNotificationInfo| getNotification(java.lang.String inName)
  throws |javax.management.MBeanException|
         |javax.management.RuntimeOperationsException|
         



*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport.getOperation(String)*

public |javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanOperationInfo| getOperation(java.lang.String inName)
  throws |javax.management.MBeanException|
         |javax.management.RuntimeOperationsException|
         



*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport.setDescriptor(Descriptor,String)*

public void setDescriptor(
  javax.management.Descriptor inDescriptor,
  java.lang.String inDescriptorType)
  throws |javax.management.MBeanException|
         |javax.management.RuntimeOperationsException|
         



*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport.setDescriptors(Descriptor[])*

public void setDescriptors(javax.management.Descriptor[] inDescriptors)
  throws |javax.management.MBeanException|
         |javax.management.RuntimeOperationsException|
         



*javax.management.modelmbean.ModelMBeanInfoSupport.setMBeanDescriptor(Descriptor)*

public void setMBeanDescriptor(javax.management.Descriptor inMBeanDescriptor)
  throws |javax.management.MBeanException|
         |javax.management.RuntimeOperationsException|
         




