*javax.imageio.event.IIOWriteProgressListener* *IIOWriteProgressListener* An int

public interface interface IIOWriteProgressListener

  implements |java.util.EventListener|

|javax.imageio.event.IIOWriteProgressListener_Description|
|javax.imageio.event.IIOWriteProgressListener_Fields|
|javax.imageio.event.IIOWriteProgressListener_Constructors|
|javax.imageio.event.IIOWriteProgressListener_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.imageio.event.IIOWriteProgressListener_Methods*
|javax.imageio.event.IIOWriteProgressListener.imageComplete(ImageWriter)|Report
|javax.imageio.event.IIOWriteProgressListener.imageProgress(ImageWriter,float)|
|javax.imageio.event.IIOWriteProgressListener.imageStarted(ImageWriter,int)|Rep
|javax.imageio.event.IIOWriteProgressListener.thumbnailComplete(ImageWriter)|Re
|javax.imageio.event.IIOWriteProgressListener.thumbnailProgress(ImageWriter,float)|
|javax.imageio.event.IIOWriteProgressListener.thumbnailStarted(ImageWriter,int,int)|
|javax.imageio.event.IIOWriteProgressListener.writeAborted(ImageWriter)|Reports

*javax.imageio.event.IIOWriteProgressListener_Description*

An interface used by ImageWriter implementations to notify callers of their 
image writing methods of progress. 


*javax.imageio.event.IIOWriteProgressListener.imageComplete(ImageWriter)*

public void imageComplete(javax.imageio.ImageWriter source)

Reports that the image write operation has completed. All ImageWriter 
implementations are required to call this method exactly once upon completion 
of each image write operation. 

    source - the ImageWriter object calling this method. 

*javax.imageio.event.IIOWriteProgressListener.imageProgress(ImageWriter,float)*

public void imageProgress(
  javax.imageio.ImageWriter source,
  float percentageDone)

Reports the approximate degree of completion of the current write call within 
the associated ImageWriter. 

The degree of completion is expressed as an index indicating which image is 
being written, and a percentage varying from 0.0F to 100.0F indicating how much 
of the current image has been output. The percentage should ideally be 
calculated in terms of the remaining time to completion, but it is usually more 
practical to use a more well-defined metric such as pixels decoded or portion 
of input stream consumed. In any case, a sequence of calls to this method 
during a given read operation should supply a monotonically increasing sequence 
of percentage values. It is not necessary to supply the exact values 0 and 100, 
as these may be inferred by the callee from other methods. 

Each particular ImageWriter implementation may call this method at whatever 
frequency it desires. A rule of thumb is to call it around each 5 percent mark. 

    source - the ImageWriter object calling this method. 
    percentageDone - the approximate percentage of decoding that has been completed. 

*javax.imageio.event.IIOWriteProgressListener.imageStarted(ImageWriter,int)*

public void imageStarted(
  javax.imageio.ImageWriter source,
  int imageIndex)

Reports that an image write operation is beginning. All ImageWriter 
implementations are required to call this method exactly once when beginning an 
image write operation. 

    source - the ImageWriter object calling this method. 
    imageIndex - the index of the image being written within its containing input file or 
       stream. 

*javax.imageio.event.IIOWriteProgressListener.thumbnailComplete(ImageWriter)*

public void thumbnailComplete(javax.imageio.ImageWriter source)

Reports that a thumbnail write operation has completed. All ImageWriter 
implementations are required to call this method exactly once upon completion 
of each thumbnail write operation. 

    source - the ImageWriter object calling this method. 

*javax.imageio.event.IIOWriteProgressListener.thumbnailProgress(ImageWriter,float)*

public void thumbnailProgress(
  javax.imageio.ImageWriter source,
  float percentageDone)

Reports the approximate degree of completion of the current thumbnail write 
within the associated ImageWriter. The semantics are identical to those of 
imageProgress. 

    source - the ImageWriter object calling this method. 
    percentageDone - the approximate percentage of decoding that has been completed. 

*javax.imageio.event.IIOWriteProgressListener.thumbnailStarted(ImageWriter,int,int)*

public void thumbnailStarted(
  javax.imageio.ImageWriter source,
  int imageIndex,
  int thumbnailIndex)

Reports that a thumbnail write operation is beginning. All ImageWriter 
implementations are required to call this method exactly once when beginning a 
thumbnail write operation. 

    source - the ImageWrite object calling this method. 
    imageIndex - the index of the image being written within its containing input file or 
       stream. 
    thumbnailIndex - the index of the thumbnail being written. 

*javax.imageio.event.IIOWriteProgressListener.writeAborted(ImageWriter)*

public void writeAborted(javax.imageio.ImageWriter source)

Reports that a write has been aborted via the writer's abort method. No further 
notifications will be given. 

    source - the ImageWriter object calling this method. 


