*javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable* *JPEGHuffmanTable* A class encapsu

public class JPEGHuffmanTable
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable_Description|
|javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable_Fields|
|javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable_Constructors|
|javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable_Fields*
|javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable_javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable.StdACChrominance|
|javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable_javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable.StdACLuminance|
|javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable_javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable.StdDCChrominance|
|javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable_javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable.StdDCLuminance|

*javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable_Constructors*
|javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable(short[],short[])|Creates a Huffman

*javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable_Methods*
|javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable.getLengths()|Return an array of sh
|javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable.getValues()|Return an array of sho
|javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable.toString()|

*javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable_Description*

A class encapsulating a single JPEG Huffman table. Fields are provided for the 
"standard" tables from taken from Annex K of the JPEG specification. These are 
the tables used as defaults. This class differs from the old unsupported 
com.sun.image.codec.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable in two ways: 

The lengths arrays for this class do not contain an ignored 0th entry. The 
lengths array in a JPEG stream does not contain an extra entry, and this class 
is used to represent the contents of a JPEG stream. 

The old class incorrectly referred to Huffman "symbols", while expecting an 
array of values to be encoded. This class has a getValues method instead of a 
getSymbols method. 



For more information about the operation of the built-in JPEG plug-ins, see the 
JPEG metadata format specification and usage notes. 


*javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable_javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable.StdACChrominance*

A class encapsulating a single JPEG Huffman table. Fields are provided for the 
"standard" tables from taken from Annex K of the JPEG specification. These are 
the tables used as defaults. This class differs from the old unsupported 
com.sun.image.codec.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable in two ways: 

The lengths arrays for this class do not contain an ignored 0th entry. The 
lengths array in a JPEG stream does not contain an extra entry, and this class 
is used to represent the contents of a JPEG stream. 

The old class incorrectly referred to Huffman "symbols", while expecting an 
array of values to be encoded. This class has a getValues method instead of a 
getSymbols method. 



For more information about the operation of the built-in JPEG plug-ins, see the 
JPEG metadata format specification and usage notes. 


*javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable_javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable.StdACLuminance*

A class encapsulating a single JPEG Huffman table. Fields are provided for the 
"standard" tables from taken from Annex K of the JPEG specification. These are 
the tables used as defaults. This class differs from the old unsupported 
com.sun.image.codec.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable in two ways: 

The lengths arrays for this class do not contain an ignored 0th entry. The 
lengths array in a JPEG stream does not contain an extra entry, and this class 
is used to represent the contents of a JPEG stream. 

The old class incorrectly referred to Huffman "symbols", while expecting an 
array of values to be encoded. This class has a getValues method instead of a 
getSymbols method. 



For more information about the operation of the built-in JPEG plug-ins, see the 
JPEG metadata format specification and usage notes. 


*javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable_javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable.StdDCChrominance*

A class encapsulating a single JPEG Huffman table. Fields are provided for the 
"standard" tables from taken from Annex K of the JPEG specification. These are 
the tables used as defaults. This class differs from the old unsupported 
com.sun.image.codec.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable in two ways: 

The lengths arrays for this class do not contain an ignored 0th entry. The 
lengths array in a JPEG stream does not contain an extra entry, and this class 
is used to represent the contents of a JPEG stream. 

The old class incorrectly referred to Huffman "symbols", while expecting an 
array of values to be encoded. This class has a getValues method instead of a 
getSymbols method. 



For more information about the operation of the built-in JPEG plug-ins, see the 
JPEG metadata format specification and usage notes. 


*javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable_javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable.StdDCLuminance*

A class encapsulating a single JPEG Huffman table. Fields are provided for the 
"standard" tables from taken from Annex K of the JPEG specification. These are 
the tables used as defaults. This class differs from the old unsupported 
com.sun.image.codec.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable in two ways: 

The lengths arrays for this class do not contain an ignored 0th entry. The 
lengths array in a JPEG stream does not contain an extra entry, and this class 
is used to represent the contents of a JPEG stream. 

The old class incorrectly referred to Huffman "symbols", while expecting an 
array of values to be encoded. This class has a getValues method instead of a 
getSymbols method. 



For more information about the operation of the built-in JPEG plug-ins, see the 
JPEG metadata format specification and usage notes. 



*javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable(short[],short[])*

public JPEGHuffmanTable(
  short[] lengths,
  short[] values)

Creates a Huffman table and initializes it. The input arrays are copied. The 
arrays must describe a possible Huffman table. For example, 3 codes cannot be 
expressed with a single bit. 

    lengths - an array of shorts where lengths[k] is equal to the number of values with 
       corresponding codes of length k + 1 bits. 
    values - an array of shorts containing the values in order of increasing code length. 

*javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable.getLengths()*

public short getLengths()

Return an array of shorts containing the number of values for each length in 
the Huffman table. The returned array is a copy. 


    Returns: a short array where array[k-1] is equal to the number of values in the table of 
             length k. 
*javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable.getValues()*

public short getValues()

Return an array of shorts containing the values arranged by increasing length 
of their corresponding codes. The interpretation of the array is dependent on 
the values returned from getLengths. The returned array is a copy. 


    Returns: a short array of values. 
*javax.imageio.plugins.jpeg.JPEGHuffmanTable.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()





