*javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem* *JCheckBoxMenuItem* A menu item that can be sele

public class JCheckBoxMenuItem
  extends    |javax.swing.JMenuItem|
  implements |javax.swing.SwingConstants|
             |javax.accessibility.Accessible|

|javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem_Description|
|javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem_Fields|
|javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem_Constructors|
|javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem_Constructors*
|javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem()|Creates an initially unselected check box menu
|javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem(Action)|Creates a menu item whose properties are
|javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem(Icon)|Creates an initially unselected check box 
|javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem(String)|Creates an initially unselected check bo
|javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem(String,boolean)|Creates a check box menu item wi
|javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem(String,Icon)|Creates an initially unselected che
|javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem(String,Icon,boolean)|Creates a check box menu it

*javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem_Methods*
|javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem.getAccessibleContext()|Gets the AccessibleContex
|javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem.getSelectedObjects()|Returns an array (length 1)
|javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem.getState()|Returns the selected-state of the ite
|javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem.getUIClassID()|Returns the name of the Lclass  t
|javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem.paramString()|Returns a string representation of
|javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem.setState(boolean)|Sets the selected-state of the

*javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem_Description*

A menu item that can be selected or deselected. If selected, the menu item 
typically appears with a checkmark next to it. If unselected or deselected, the 
menu item appears without a checkmark. Like a regular menu item, a check box 
menu item can have either text or a graphic icon associated with it, or both. 

Either isSelected/setSelected or getState/setState can be used to 
determine/specify the menu item's selection state. The preferred methods are 
isSelected and setSelected, which work for all menus and buttons. The getState 
and setState methods exist for compatibility with other component sets. 

For further information and examples of using check box menu items, see How to 
Use Menus, a section in The Java Tutorial. 

Warning: Serialized objects of this class will not be compatible with future 
Swing releases. The current serialization support is appropriate for short term 
storage or RMI between applications running the same version of Swing. As of 
1.4, support for long term storage of all JavaBeansTM has been added to the 
java.beans package. Please see (|java.beans.XMLEncoder|) . 


*javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem()*

public JCheckBoxMenuItem()

Creates an initially unselected check box menu item with no set text or icon. 


*javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem(Action)*

public JCheckBoxMenuItem(javax.swing.Action a)

Creates a menu item whose properties are taken from the Action supplied. 


*javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem(Icon)*

public JCheckBoxMenuItem(javax.swing.Icon icon)

Creates an initially unselected check box menu item with an icon. 

    icon - the icon of the CheckBoxMenuItem. 

*javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem(String)*

public JCheckBoxMenuItem(java.lang.String text)

Creates an initially unselected check box menu item with text. 

    text - the text of the CheckBoxMenuItem 

*javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem(String,boolean)*

public JCheckBoxMenuItem(
  java.lang.String text,
  boolean b)

Creates a check box menu item with the specified text and selection state. 

    text - the text of the check box menu item. 
    b - the selected state of the check box menu item 

*javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem(String,Icon)*

public JCheckBoxMenuItem(
  java.lang.String text,
  javax.swing.Icon icon)

Creates an initially unselected check box menu item with the specified text and 
icon. 

    text - the text of the CheckBoxMenuItem 
    icon - the icon of the CheckBoxMenuItem 

*javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem(String,Icon,boolean)*

public JCheckBoxMenuItem(
  java.lang.String text,
  javax.swing.Icon icon,
  boolean b)

Creates a check box menu item with the specified text, icon, and selection 
state. 

    text - the text of the check box menu item 
    icon - the icon of the check box menu item 
    b - the selected state of the check box menu item 

*javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem.getAccessibleContext()*

public |javax.accessibility.AccessibleContext| getAccessibleContext()

Gets the AccessibleContext associated with this JCheckBoxMenuItem. For 
JCheckBoxMenuItems, the AccessibleContext takes the form of an 
AccessibleJCheckBoxMenuItem. A new AccessibleJCheckBoxMenuItem instance is 
created if necessary. 


    Returns: an AccessibleJCheckBoxMenuItem that serves as the AccessibleContext of this 
             AccessibleJCheckBoxMenuItem 
*javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem.getSelectedObjects()*

public |java.lang.Object| getSelectedObjects()

Returns an array (length 1) containing the check box menu item label or null if 
the check box is not selected. 


    Returns: an array containing one Object -- the text of the menu item -- if the item is 
             selected; otherwise null 
*javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem.getState()*

public boolean getState()

Returns the selected-state of the item. This method exists for AWT 
compatibility only. New code should use isSelected() instead. 


    Returns: true if the item is selected 
*javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem.getUIClassID()*

public |java.lang.String| getUIClassID()

Returns the name of the Lclass that renders this component. 


    Returns: "CheckBoxMenuItemUI" 
*javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem.paramString()*

protected |java.lang.String| paramString()

Returns a string representation of this JCheckBoxMenuItem. This method is 
intended to be used only for debugging purposes, and the content and format of 
the returned string may vary between implementations. The returned string may 
be empty but may not be null. 


    Returns: a string representation of this JCheckBoxMenuItem. 
*javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem.setState(boolean)*

public synchronized void setState(boolean b)

Sets the selected-state of the item. This method exists for AWT compatibility 
only. New code should use setSelected() instead. 

    b - a boolean value indicating the item's selected-state, where true=selected 


