*javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType* *SimpleType* The SimpleType class is the

public final class SimpleType
  extends    |javax.management.openmbean.OpenType|
  implements |java.io.Serializable|

|javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_Description|
|javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_Fields|
|javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_Constructors|
|javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_Fields*
|javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.BIGDECIMAL|
|javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.BIGINTEGER|
|javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.BOOLEAN|
|javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.BYTE|
|javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.CHARACTER|
|javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.DATE|
|javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.DOUBLE|
|javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.FLOAT|
|javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.INTEGER|
|javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.LONG|
|javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.OBJECTNAME|
|javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.SHORT|
|javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.STRING|
|javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.VOID|

*javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_Methods*
|javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.equals(Object)|Compares the specified ob
|javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.hashCode()|Returns the hash code value f
|javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.isValue(Object)|Tests whether obj is a v
|javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.readResolve()|Replace an object read fro
|javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.toString()|Returns a string representati

*javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_Description*

The SimpleType class is the open type class whose instances describe all open 
data values which are neither arrays, nor 
<code>CompositeData</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.CompositeData|) values, 
nor <code>TabularData</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.TabularData|) values. 
It predefines all its possible instances as static fields, and has no public 
constructor. 

Given a SimpleType instance describing values whose Java class name is 
className, the internal fields corresponding to the name and description of 
this SimpleType instance are also set to className. In other words, its methods 
getClassName, getTypeName and getDescription all return the same string value 
className. 


*javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.BIGDECIMAL*

The SimpleType class is the open type class whose instances describe all open 
data values which are neither arrays, nor 
<code>CompositeData</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.CompositeData|) values, 
nor <code>TabularData</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.TabularData|) values. 
It predefines all its possible instances as static fields, and has no public 
constructor. 

Given a SimpleType instance describing values whose Java class name is 
className, the internal fields corresponding to the name and description of 
this SimpleType instance are also set to className. In other words, its methods 
getClassName, getTypeName and getDescription all return the same string value 
className. 


*javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.BIGINTEGER*

The SimpleType class is the open type class whose instances describe all open 
data values which are neither arrays, nor 
<code>CompositeData</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.CompositeData|) values, 
nor <code>TabularData</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.TabularData|) values. 
It predefines all its possible instances as static fields, and has no public 
constructor. 

Given a SimpleType instance describing values whose Java class name is 
className, the internal fields corresponding to the name and description of 
this SimpleType instance are also set to className. In other words, its methods 
getClassName, getTypeName and getDescription all return the same string value 
className. 


*javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.BOOLEAN*

The SimpleType class is the open type class whose instances describe all open 
data values which are neither arrays, nor 
<code>CompositeData</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.CompositeData|) values, 
nor <code>TabularData</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.TabularData|) values. 
It predefines all its possible instances as static fields, and has no public 
constructor. 

Given a SimpleType instance describing values whose Java class name is 
className, the internal fields corresponding to the name and description of 
this SimpleType instance are also set to className. In other words, its methods 
getClassName, getTypeName and getDescription all return the same string value 
className. 


*javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.BYTE*

The SimpleType class is the open type class whose instances describe all open 
data values which are neither arrays, nor 
<code>CompositeData</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.CompositeData|) values, 
nor <code>TabularData</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.TabularData|) values. 
It predefines all its possible instances as static fields, and has no public 
constructor. 

Given a SimpleType instance describing values whose Java class name is 
className, the internal fields corresponding to the name and description of 
this SimpleType instance are also set to className. In other words, its methods 
getClassName, getTypeName and getDescription all return the same string value 
className. 


*javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.CHARACTER*

The SimpleType class is the open type class whose instances describe all open 
data values which are neither arrays, nor 
<code>CompositeData</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.CompositeData|) values, 
nor <code>TabularData</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.TabularData|) values. 
It predefines all its possible instances as static fields, and has no public 
constructor. 

Given a SimpleType instance describing values whose Java class name is 
className, the internal fields corresponding to the name and description of 
this SimpleType instance are also set to className. In other words, its methods 
getClassName, getTypeName and getDescription all return the same string value 
className. 


*javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.DATE*

The SimpleType class is the open type class whose instances describe all open 
data values which are neither arrays, nor 
<code>CompositeData</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.CompositeData|) values, 
nor <code>TabularData</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.TabularData|) values. 
It predefines all its possible instances as static fields, and has no public 
constructor. 

Given a SimpleType instance describing values whose Java class name is 
className, the internal fields corresponding to the name and description of 
this SimpleType instance are also set to className. In other words, its methods 
getClassName, getTypeName and getDescription all return the same string value 
className. 


*javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.DOUBLE*

The SimpleType class is the open type class whose instances describe all open 
data values which are neither arrays, nor 
<code>CompositeData</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.CompositeData|) values, 
nor <code>TabularData</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.TabularData|) values. 
It predefines all its possible instances as static fields, and has no public 
constructor. 

Given a SimpleType instance describing values whose Java class name is 
className, the internal fields corresponding to the name and description of 
this SimpleType instance are also set to className. In other words, its methods 
getClassName, getTypeName and getDescription all return the same string value 
className. 


*javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.FLOAT*

The SimpleType class is the open type class whose instances describe all open 
data values which are neither arrays, nor 
<code>CompositeData</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.CompositeData|) values, 
nor <code>TabularData</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.TabularData|) values. 
It predefines all its possible instances as static fields, and has no public 
constructor. 

Given a SimpleType instance describing values whose Java class name is 
className, the internal fields corresponding to the name and description of 
this SimpleType instance are also set to className. In other words, its methods 
getClassName, getTypeName and getDescription all return the same string value 
className. 


*javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.INTEGER*

The SimpleType class is the open type class whose instances describe all open 
data values which are neither arrays, nor 
<code>CompositeData</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.CompositeData|) values, 
nor <code>TabularData</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.TabularData|) values. 
It predefines all its possible instances as static fields, and has no public 
constructor. 

Given a SimpleType instance describing values whose Java class name is 
className, the internal fields corresponding to the name and description of 
this SimpleType instance are also set to className. In other words, its methods 
getClassName, getTypeName and getDescription all return the same string value 
className. 


*javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.LONG*

The SimpleType class is the open type class whose instances describe all open 
data values which are neither arrays, nor 
<code>CompositeData</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.CompositeData|) values, 
nor <code>TabularData</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.TabularData|) values. 
It predefines all its possible instances as static fields, and has no public 
constructor. 

Given a SimpleType instance describing values whose Java class name is 
className, the internal fields corresponding to the name and description of 
this SimpleType instance are also set to className. In other words, its methods 
getClassName, getTypeName and getDescription all return the same string value 
className. 


*javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.OBJECTNAME*

The SimpleType class is the open type class whose instances describe all open 
data values which are neither arrays, nor 
<code>CompositeData</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.CompositeData|) values, 
nor <code>TabularData</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.TabularData|) values. 
It predefines all its possible instances as static fields, and has no public 
constructor. 

Given a SimpleType instance describing values whose Java class name is 
className, the internal fields corresponding to the name and description of 
this SimpleType instance are also set to className. In other words, its methods 
getClassName, getTypeName and getDescription all return the same string value 
className. 


*javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.SHORT*

The SimpleType class is the open type class whose instances describe all open 
data values which are neither arrays, nor 
<code>CompositeData</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.CompositeData|) values, 
nor <code>TabularData</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.TabularData|) values. 
It predefines all its possible instances as static fields, and has no public 
constructor. 

Given a SimpleType instance describing values whose Java class name is 
className, the internal fields corresponding to the name and description of 
this SimpleType instance are also set to className. In other words, its methods 
getClassName, getTypeName and getDescription all return the same string value 
className. 


*javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.STRING*

The SimpleType class is the open type class whose instances describe all open 
data values which are neither arrays, nor 
<code>CompositeData</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.CompositeData|) values, 
nor <code>TabularData</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.TabularData|) values. 
It predefines all its possible instances as static fields, and has no public 
constructor. 

Given a SimpleType instance describing values whose Java class name is 
className, the internal fields corresponding to the name and description of 
this SimpleType instance are also set to className. In other words, its methods 
getClassName, getTypeName and getDescription all return the same string value 
className. 


*javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType_javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.VOID*

The SimpleType class is the open type class whose instances describe all open 
data values which are neither arrays, nor 
<code>CompositeData</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.CompositeData|) values, 
nor <code>TabularData</code>(|javax.management.openmbean.TabularData|) values. 
It predefines all its possible instances as static fields, and has no public 
constructor. 

Given a SimpleType instance describing values whose Java class name is 
className, the internal fields corresponding to the name and description of 
this SimpleType instance are also set to className. In other words, its methods 
getClassName, getTypeName and getDescription all return the same string value 
className. 



*javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object obj)

Compares the specified obj parameter with this SimpleType instance for 
equality. 

Two SimpleType instances are equal if and only if their 
getClassName(|javax.management.openmbean.OpenType|) methods return the same 
value. 

    obj - the object to be compared for equality with this SimpleType instance; if obj is 
       null or is not an instance of the class SimpleType, equals returns 
       false. 

    Returns: true if the specified object is equal to this SimpleType instance. 
*javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()

Returns the hash code value for this SimpleType instance. The hash code of a 
SimpleType instance is the the hash code of the string value returned by the 
getClassName(|javax.management.openmbean.OpenType|) method. 

As SimpleType instances are immutable, the hash code for this instance is 
calculated once, on the first call to hashCode, and then the same value is 
returned for subsequent calls. 


    Returns: the hash code value for this SimpleType instance 
*javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.isValue(Object)*

public boolean isValue(java.lang.Object obj)

Tests whether obj is a value for this SimpleType instance. This method returns 
true if and only if obj is not null and obj's class name is the same as the 
className field defined for this SimpleType instance (ie the class name 
returned by the getClassName(|javax.management.openmbean.OpenType|) method). 

    obj - the object to be tested. 

    Returns: true if obj is a value for this SimpleType instance. 
*javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.readResolve()*

public |java.lang.Object| readResolve()
  throws |java.io.ObjectStreamException|
         
Replace an object read from an (|java.io.ObjectInputStream|) with the unique 
instance for that value. 


    Returns: the replacement object. 
*javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a string representation of this SimpleType instance. 

The string representation consists of the name of this class (ie 
javax.management.openmbean.SimpleType) and the type name for this instance 
(which is the java class name of the values this SimpleType instance 
represents). 

As SimpleType instances are immutable, the string representation for this 
instance is calculated once, on the first call to toString, and then the same 
value is returned for subsequent calls. 


    Returns: a string representation of this SimpleType instance 

