*javax.swing.WindowConstants* *WindowConstants* Constants used to control the wi

public interface interface WindowConstants


|javax.swing.WindowConstants_Description|
|javax.swing.WindowConstants_Fields|
|javax.swing.WindowConstants_Constructors|
|javax.swing.WindowConstants_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.swing.WindowConstants_Fields*
|int_javax.swing.WindowConstants.DISPOSE_ON_CLOSE|
|int_javax.swing.WindowConstants.DO_NOTHING_ON_CLOSE|
|int_javax.swing.WindowConstants.EXIT_ON_CLOSE|
|int_javax.swing.WindowConstants.HIDE_ON_CLOSE|

*javax.swing.WindowConstants_Description*

Constants used to control the window-closing operation. The 
setDefaultCloseOperation and getDefaultCloseOperation methods provided by 
JFrame, JInternalFrame, and JDialog use these constants. For examples of 
setting the default window-closing operation, see Responding to Window-Closing 
Events, a section in The Java Tutorial. 


*int_javax.swing.WindowConstants.DISPOSE_ON_CLOSE*

Constants used to control the window-closing operation. The 
setDefaultCloseOperation and getDefaultCloseOperation methods provided by 
JFrame, JInternalFrame, and JDialog use these constants. For examples of 
setting the default window-closing operation, see Responding to Window-Closing 
Events, a section in The Java Tutorial. 


*int_javax.swing.WindowConstants.DO_NOTHING_ON_CLOSE*

Constants used to control the window-closing operation. The 
setDefaultCloseOperation and getDefaultCloseOperation methods provided by 
JFrame, JInternalFrame, and JDialog use these constants. For examples of 
setting the default window-closing operation, see Responding to Window-Closing 
Events, a section in The Java Tutorial. 


*int_javax.swing.WindowConstants.EXIT_ON_CLOSE*

Constants used to control the window-closing operation. The 
setDefaultCloseOperation and getDefaultCloseOperation methods provided by 
JFrame, JInternalFrame, and JDialog use these constants. For examples of 
setting the default window-closing operation, see Responding to Window-Closing 
Events, a section in The Java Tutorial. 


*int_javax.swing.WindowConstants.HIDE_ON_CLOSE*

Constants used to control the window-closing operation. The 
setDefaultCloseOperation and getDefaultCloseOperation methods provided by 
JFrame, JInternalFrame, and JDialog use these constants. For examples of 
setting the default window-closing operation, see Responding to Window-Closing 
Events, a section in The Java Tutorial. 



