*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport* *OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport* 

public class OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport
  extends    |javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo|
  implements |javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo|
             |java.io.Serializable|

|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport_Description|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport_Fields|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport_Constructors|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport_Constructors*
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport(String,String,OpenMBeanParameterInfo[],OpenType,int)|

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport_Methods*
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport.equals(Object)|Compar
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport.getReturnOpenType()|R
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport.hashCode()|Returns th
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport.toString()|Returns a 

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport_Description*

Describes an operation of an Open MBean. 


*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport(String,String,OpenMBeanParameterInfo[],OpenType,int)*

public OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String description,
  javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfo[] signature,
  javax.management.openmbean.OpenType returnOpenType,
  int impact)

Constructs an OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport instance, which describes the 
operation of a class of open MBeans, with the specified name, description, 
signature, returnOpenType and impact. 

The signature array parameter is internally copied, so that subsequent changes 
to the array referenced by signature have no effect on this instance. 

    name - cannot be a null or empty string. 
    description - cannot be a null or empty string. 
    signature - can be null or empty if there are no parameters to describe. 
    returnOpenType - cannot be null: use SimpleType.VOID for operations that return nothing. 
    impact - can be only one of ACTION, ACTION_INFO or INFO. 

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object obj)

Compares the specified obj parameter with this OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport 
instance for equality. 

Returns true if and only if all of the following statements are true: 

obj is non null, obj also implements the OpenMBeanOperationInfo interface, 
their names are equal their signatures are equal their return open types are 
equal their impacts are equal 

This ensures that this equals method works properly for obj parameters which 
are different implementations of the OpenMBeanOperationInfo interface. 

    obj - the object to be compared for equality with this OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport 
       instance; 

    Returns: true if the specified object is equal to this OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport 
             instance. 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport.getReturnOpenType()*

public |javax.management.openmbean.OpenType| getReturnOpenType()

Returns the open type of the values returned by the operation described by this 
OpenMBeanOperationInfo instance. 


*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()

Returns the hash code value for this OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport instance. 

The hash code of an OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport instance is the sum of the 
hash codes of all elements of information used in equals comparisons (ie: its 
name, return open type, impact and signature, where the signature hashCode is 
calculated by a call to java.util.Arrays.asList(this.getSignature).hashCode()). 

This ensures that t1.equals(t2) implies that t1.hashCode()==t2.hashCode() for 
any two OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport instances t1 and t2, as required by the 
general contract of the method Object.hashCode()(|java.lang.Object|) . 

However, note that another instance of a class implementing the 
OpenMBeanOperationInfo interface may be equal to this 
OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport instance as defined by 
(|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport|) , but may have a 
different hash code if it is calculated differently. 

As OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport instances are immutable, the hash code for 
this instance is calculated once, on the first call to hashCode, and then the 
same value is returned for subsequent calls. 


    Returns: the hash code value for this OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport instance 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a string representation of this OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport instance. 

The string representation consists of the name of this class (ie 
javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport), and the name, 
signature, return open type and impact of the described operation. 

As OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport instances are immutable, the string 
representation for this instance is calculated once, on the first call to 
toString, and then the same value is returned for subsequent calls. 


    Returns: a string representation of this OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport instance 

