*java.awt.color.ICC_Profile* *ICC_Profile* A representation of color profile dat

public class ICC_Profile
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |java.io.Serializable|

|java.awt.color.ICC_Profile_Description|
|java.awt.color.ICC_Profile_Fields|
|java.awt.color.ICC_Profile_Constructors|
|java.awt.color.ICC_Profile_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.awt.color.ICC_Profile_Fields*
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.CLASS_ABSTRACT|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.CLASS_COLORSPACECONVERSION|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.CLASS_DEVICELINK|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.CLASS_DISPLAY|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.CLASS_INPUT|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.CLASS_NAMEDCOLOR|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.CLASS_OUTPUT|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icAbsoluteColorimetric|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icCurveCount|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icCurveData|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrAttributes|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrCmmId|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrColorSpace|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrCreator|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrDate|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrDeviceClass|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrFlags|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrIlluminant|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrMagic|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrManufacturer|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrModel|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrPcs|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrPlatform|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrProfileID|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrRenderingIntent|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrSize|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrVersion|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icICCAbsoluteColorimetric|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icMediaRelativeColorimetric|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icPerceptual|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icRelativeColorimetric|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSaturation|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigAbstractClass|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigAToB0Tag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigAToB1Tag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigAToB2Tag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigBlueColorantTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigBlueMatrixColumnTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigBlueTRCTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigBToA0Tag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigBToA1Tag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigBToA2Tag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigCalibrationDateTimeTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigCharTargetTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigChromaticAdaptationTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigChromaticityTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigCmyData|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigCmykData|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigColorantOrderTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigColorantTableTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigColorSpaceClass|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigCopyrightTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigCrdInfoTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigDeviceMfgDescTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigDeviceModelDescTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigDeviceSettingsTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigDisplayClass|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigGamutTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigGrayData|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigGrayTRCTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigGreenColorantTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigGreenMatrixColumnTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigGreenTRCTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigHead|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigHlsData|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigHsvData|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigInputClass|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigLabData|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigLinkClass|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigLuminanceTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigLuvData|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigMeasurementTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigMediaBlackPointTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigMediaWhitePointTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigNamedColor2Tag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigNamedColorClass|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigOutputClass|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigOutputResponseTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigPreview0Tag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigPreview1Tag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigPreview2Tag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigProfileDescriptionTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigProfileSequenceDescTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigPs2CRD0Tag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigPs2CRD1Tag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigPs2CRD2Tag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigPs2CRD3Tag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigPs2CSATag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigPs2RenderingIntentTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigRedColorantTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigRedMatrixColumnTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigRedTRCTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigRgbData|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigScreeningDescTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigScreeningTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigSpace2CLR|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigSpace3CLR|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigSpace4CLR|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigSpace5CLR|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigSpace6CLR|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigSpace7CLR|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigSpace8CLR|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigSpace9CLR|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigSpaceACLR|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigSpaceBCLR|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigSpaceCCLR|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigSpaceDCLR|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigSpaceECLR|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigSpaceFCLR|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigTechnologyTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigUcrBgTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigViewingCondDescTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigViewingConditionsTag|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigXYZData|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigYCbCrData|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigYxyData|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icTagReserved|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icTagType|
|int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icXYZNumberX|

*java.awt.color.ICC_Profile_Methods*
|java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.finalize()|Frees the resources associated with an I
|java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.getColorSpaceType()|Returns the color space type.
|java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.getData()|Returns a byte array corresponding to the
|java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.getData(int)|Returns a particular tagged data eleme
|java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.getInstance(byte[])|Constructs an ICC_Profile objec
|java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.getInstance(InputStream)|Constructs an ICC_Profile 
|java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.getInstance(int)|Constructs an ICC_Profile correspo
|java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.getInstance(String)|Constructs an ICC_Profile corre
|java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.getMajorVersion()|Returns profile major version.
|java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.getMinorVersion()|Returns profile minor version.
|java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.getNumComponents()|Returns the number of color comp
|java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.getPCSType()|Returns the color space type of the Pr
|java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.getProfileClass()|Returns the profile class.
|java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.readResolve()|Resolves instances being deserialized
|java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.setData(int,byte[])|Sets a particular tagged data e
|java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.write(OutputStream)|Write this ICC_Profile to an Ou
|java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.write(String)|Write this ICC_Profile to a file.

*java.awt.color.ICC_Profile_Description*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.CLASS_ABSTRACT*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.CLASS_COLORSPACECONVERSION*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.CLASS_DEVICELINK*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.CLASS_DISPLAY*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.CLASS_INPUT*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.CLASS_NAMEDCOLOR*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.CLASS_OUTPUT*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icAbsoluteColorimetric*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icCurveCount*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icCurveData*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrAttributes*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrCmmId*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrColorSpace*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrCreator*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrDate*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrDeviceClass*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrFlags*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrIlluminant*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrMagic*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrManufacturer*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrModel*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrPcs*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrPlatform*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrProfileID*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrRenderingIntent*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrSize*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icHdrVersion*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icICCAbsoluteColorimetric*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icMediaRelativeColorimetric*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icPerceptual*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icRelativeColorimetric*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSaturation*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigAbstractClass*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigAToB0Tag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigAToB1Tag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigAToB2Tag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigBlueColorantTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigBlueMatrixColumnTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigBlueTRCTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigBToA0Tag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigBToA1Tag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigBToA2Tag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigCalibrationDateTimeTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigCharTargetTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigChromaticAdaptationTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigChromaticityTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigCmyData*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigCmykData*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigColorantOrderTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigColorantTableTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigColorSpaceClass*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigCopyrightTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigCrdInfoTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigDeviceMfgDescTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigDeviceModelDescTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigDeviceSettingsTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigDisplayClass*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigGamutTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigGrayData*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigGrayTRCTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigGreenColorantTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigGreenMatrixColumnTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigGreenTRCTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigHead*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigHlsData*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigHsvData*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigInputClass*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigLabData*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigLinkClass*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigLuminanceTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigLuvData*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigMeasurementTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigMediaBlackPointTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigMediaWhitePointTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigNamedColor2Tag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigNamedColorClass*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigOutputClass*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigOutputResponseTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigPreview0Tag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigPreview1Tag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigPreview2Tag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigProfileDescriptionTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigProfileSequenceDescTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigPs2CRD0Tag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigPs2CRD1Tag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigPs2CRD2Tag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigPs2CRD3Tag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigPs2CSATag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigPs2RenderingIntentTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigRedColorantTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigRedMatrixColumnTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigRedTRCTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigRgbData*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigScreeningDescTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigScreeningTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigSpace2CLR*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigSpace3CLR*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigSpace4CLR*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigSpace5CLR*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigSpace6CLR*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigSpace7CLR*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigSpace8CLR*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigSpace9CLR*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigSpaceACLR*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigSpaceBCLR*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigSpaceCCLR*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigSpaceDCLR*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigSpaceECLR*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigSpaceFCLR*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigTechnologyTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigUcrBgTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigViewingCondDescTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigViewingConditionsTag*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigXYZData*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigYCbCrData*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icSigYxyData*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icTagReserved*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icTagType*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 


*int_java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.icXYZNumberX*

A representation of color profile data for device independent and device 
dependent color spaces based on the International Color Consortium 
Specification ICC.1:2001-12, File Format for Color Profiles, (see 
http://www.color.org). 

An ICC_ColorSpace object can be constructed from an appropriate ICC_Profile. 
Typically, an ICC_ColorSpace would be associated with an ICC Profile which is 
either an input, display, or output profile (see the ICC specification). There 
are also device link, abstract, color space conversion, and named color 
profiles. These are less useful for tagging a color or image, but are useful 
for other purposes (in particular device link profiles can provide improved 
performance for converting from one device's color space to another's). 

ICC Profiles represent transformations from the color space of the profile 
(e.g. a monitor) to a Profile Connection Space (PCS). Profiles of interest for 
tagging images or colors have a PCS which is one of the two specific device 
independent spaces (one CIEXYZ space and one CIELab space) defined in the ICC 
Profile Format Specification. Most profiles of interest either have invertible 
transformations or explicitly specify transformations going both directions. 



*java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.finalize()*

protected void finalize()

Frees the resources associated with an ICC_Profile object. 


*java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.getColorSpaceType()*

public int getColorSpaceType()

Returns the color space type. Returns one of the color space type constants 
defined by the ColorSpace class. This is the "input" color space of the 
profile. The type defines the number of components of the color space and the 
interpretation, e.g. TYPE_RGB identifies a color space with three components - 
red, green, and blue. It does not define the particular color characteristics 
of the space, e.g. the chromaticities of the primaries. 


    Returns: One of the color space type constants defined in the ColorSpace class. 
*java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.getData()*

public byte getData()

Returns a byte array corresponding to the data of this ICC_Profile. 


    Returns: A byte array that contains the profile data. 
*java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.getData(int)*

public byte getData(int tagSignature)

Returns a particular tagged data element from the profile as a byte array. 
Elements are identified by signatures as defined in the ICC specification. The 
signature icSigHead can be used to get the header. This method is useful for 
advanced applets or applications which need to access profile data directly. 

    tagSignature - The ICC tag signature for the data element you want to get. 

    Returns: A byte array that contains the tagged data element. Returns null if the 
             specified tag doesn't exist. 
*java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.getInstance(byte[])*

public static |java.awt.color.ICC_Profile| getInstance(byte[] data)

Constructs an ICC_Profile object corresponding to the data in a byte array. 
Throws an IllegalArgumentException if the data does not correspond to a valid 
ICC Profile. 

    data - the specified ICC Profile data 

    Returns: an ICC_Profile object corresponding to the data in the specified data array. 
*java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.getInstance(InputStream)*

public static |java.awt.color.ICC_Profile| getInstance(java.io.InputStream s)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Constructs an ICC_Profile corresponding to the data in an InputStream. This 
method throws an IllegalArgumentException if the stream does not contain valid 
ICC Profile data. It throws an IOException if an I/O error occurs while reading 
the stream. 

    s - The input stream from which to read the profile data. 

    Returns: an ICC_Profile object corresponding to the data in the specified InputStream. 
*java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.getInstance(int)*

public static |java.awt.color.ICC_Profile| getInstance(int cspace)

Constructs an ICC_Profile corresponding to one of the specific color spaces 
defined by the ColorSpace class (for example CS_sRGB). Throws an 
IllegalArgumentException if cspace is not one of the defined color spaces. 

    cspace - the type of color space to create a profile for. The specified type is one of 
       the color space constants defined in the ColorSpace class. 

    Returns: an ICC_Profile object corresponding to the specified ColorSpace type. 
*java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.getInstance(String)*

public static |java.awt.color.ICC_Profile| getInstance(java.lang.String fileName)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Constructs an ICC_Profile corresponding to the data in a file. fileName may be 
an absolute or a relative file specification. Relative file names are looked 
for in several places: first, relative to any directories specified by the 
java.iccprofile.path property; second, relative to any directories specified by 
the java.class.path property; finally, in a directory used to store profiles 
always available, such as the profile for sRGB. Built-in profiles use .pf as 
the file name extension for profiles, e.g. sRGB.pf. This method throws an 
IOException if the specified file cannot be opened or if an I/O error occurs 
while reading the file. It throws an IllegalArgumentException if the file does 
not contain valid ICC Profile data. 

    fileName - The file that contains the data for the profile. 

    Returns: an ICC_Profile object corresponding to the data in the specified file. 
*java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.getMajorVersion()*

public int getMajorVersion()

Returns profile major version. 


    Returns: The major version of the profile. 
*java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.getMinorVersion()*

public int getMinorVersion()

Returns profile minor version. 


    Returns: The minor version of the profile. 
*java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.getNumComponents()*

public int getNumComponents()

Returns the number of color components in the "input" color space of this 
profile. For example if the color space type of this profile is TYPE_RGB, then 
this method will return 3. 


    Returns: The number of color components in the profile's input color space. 
*java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.getPCSType()*

public int getPCSType()

Returns the color space type of the Profile Connection Space (PCS). Returns one 
of the color space type constants defined by the ColorSpace class. This is the 
"output" color space of the profile. For an input, display, or output profile 
useful for tagging colors or images, this will be either TYPE_XYZ or TYPE_Lab 
and should be interpreted as the corresponding specific color space defined in 
the ICC specification. For a device link profile, this could be any of the 
color space type constants. 


    Returns: One of the color space type constants defined in the ColorSpace class. 
*java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.getProfileClass()*

public int getProfileClass()

Returns the profile class. 


    Returns: One of the predefined profile class constants. 
*java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.readResolve()*

protected |java.lang.Object| readResolve()
  throws |java.io.ObjectStreamException|
         
Resolves instances being deserialized into instances registered with CMM. 


    Returns: ICC_Profile object for profile registered with CMM. 
*java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.setData(int,byte[])*

public void setData(
  int tagSignature,
  byte[] tagData)

Sets a particular tagged data element in the profile from a byte array. This 
method is useful for advanced applets or applications which need to access 
profile data directly. 

    tagSignature - The ICC tag signature for the data element you want to set. 
    tagData - the data to set for the specified tag signature 

*java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.write(OutputStream)*

public void write(java.io.OutputStream s)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Write this ICC_Profile to an OutputStream. 

    s - The stream to write the profile data to. 

*java.awt.color.ICC_Profile.write(String)*

public void write(java.lang.String fileName)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Write this ICC_Profile to a file. 

    fileName - The file to write the profile data to. 


