*javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM* *DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM* Class DocFlavor.IN

public static class DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM
  extends    |javax.print.DocFlavor|

|javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_Description|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_Fields|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_Constructors|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_Fields*
|javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.AUTOSENSE|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.GIF|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.JPEG|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.PCL|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.PDF|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.PNG|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.POSTSCRIPT|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.TEXT_HTML_HOST|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.TEXT_HTML_US_ASCII|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.TEXT_HTML_UTF_16|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.TEXT_HTML_UTF_16BE|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.TEXT_HTML_UTF_16LE|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.TEXT_HTML_UTF_8|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.TEXT_PLAIN_HOST|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.TEXT_PLAIN_US_ASCII|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.TEXT_PLAIN_UTF_16|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.TEXT_PLAIN_UTF_16BE|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.TEXT_PLAIN_UTF_16LE|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.TEXT_PLAIN_UTF_8|

*javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_Constructors*
|javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM(String)|Constructs a new doc flavor with th

*javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_Description*

Class DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte stream ( 
<CODE>java.io.InputStream</CODE>(|java.io.InputStream|) ) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.AUTOSENSE*

Class DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte stream ( 
<CODE>java.io.InputStream</CODE>(|java.io.InputStream|) ) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.GIF*

Class DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte stream ( 
<CODE>java.io.InputStream</CODE>(|java.io.InputStream|) ) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.JPEG*

Class DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte stream ( 
<CODE>java.io.InputStream</CODE>(|java.io.InputStream|) ) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.PCL*

Class DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte stream ( 
<CODE>java.io.InputStream</CODE>(|java.io.InputStream|) ) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.PDF*

Class DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte stream ( 
<CODE>java.io.InputStream</CODE>(|java.io.InputStream|) ) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.PNG*

Class DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte stream ( 
<CODE>java.io.InputStream</CODE>(|java.io.InputStream|) ) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.POSTSCRIPT*

Class DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte stream ( 
<CODE>java.io.InputStream</CODE>(|java.io.InputStream|) ) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.TEXT_HTML_HOST*

Class DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte stream ( 
<CODE>java.io.InputStream</CODE>(|java.io.InputStream|) ) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.TEXT_HTML_US_ASCII*

Class DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte stream ( 
<CODE>java.io.InputStream</CODE>(|java.io.InputStream|) ) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.TEXT_HTML_UTF_16*

Class DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte stream ( 
<CODE>java.io.InputStream</CODE>(|java.io.InputStream|) ) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.TEXT_HTML_UTF_16BE*

Class DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte stream ( 
<CODE>java.io.InputStream</CODE>(|java.io.InputStream|) ) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.TEXT_HTML_UTF_16LE*

Class DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte stream ( 
<CODE>java.io.InputStream</CODE>(|java.io.InputStream|) ) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.TEXT_HTML_UTF_8*

Class DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte stream ( 
<CODE>java.io.InputStream</CODE>(|java.io.InputStream|) ) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.TEXT_PLAIN_HOST*

Class DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte stream ( 
<CODE>java.io.InputStream</CODE>(|java.io.InputStream|) ) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.TEXT_PLAIN_US_ASCII*

Class DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte stream ( 
<CODE>java.io.InputStream</CODE>(|java.io.InputStream|) ) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.TEXT_PLAIN_UTF_16*

Class DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte stream ( 
<CODE>java.io.InputStream</CODE>(|java.io.InputStream|) ) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.TEXT_PLAIN_UTF_16BE*

Class DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte stream ( 
<CODE>java.io.InputStream</CODE>(|java.io.InputStream|) ) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.TEXT_PLAIN_UTF_16LE*

Class DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte stream ( 
<CODE>java.io.InputStream</CODE>(|java.io.InputStream|) ) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM_javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.TEXT_PLAIN_UTF_8*

Class DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte stream ( 
<CODE>java.io.InputStream</CODE>(|java.io.InputStream|) ) as the print data 
representation class. 



*javax.print.DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM(String)*

public DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM(java.lang.String mimeType)

Constructs a new doc flavor with the given MIME type and a print data 
representation class name of "java.io.InputStream" (byte stream). 

    mimeType - MIME media type string. 

