*javax.print.DocPrintJob* *DocPrintJob* This interface represents a print job th

public interface interface DocPrintJob


|javax.print.DocPrintJob_Description|
|javax.print.DocPrintJob_Fields|
|javax.print.DocPrintJob_Constructors|
|javax.print.DocPrintJob_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.print.DocPrintJob_Methods*
|javax.print.DocPrintJob.addPrintJobAttributeListener(PrintJobAttributeListener,PrintJobAttributeSet)|
|javax.print.DocPrintJob.addPrintJobListener(PrintJobListener)|Registers a list
|javax.print.DocPrintJob.getAttributes()|Obtains this Print Job's set of printi
|javax.print.DocPrintJob.getPrintService()|Determines thePrintServiceobject to 
|javax.print.DocPrintJob.print(Doc,PrintRequestAttributeSet)|Prints a document 
|javax.print.DocPrintJob.removePrintJobAttributeListener(PrintJobAttributeListener)|
|javax.print.DocPrintJob.removePrintJobListener(PrintJobListener)|Removes a lis

*javax.print.DocPrintJob_Description*

This interface represents a print job that can print a specified document with 
a set of job attributes. An object implementing this interface is obtained from 
a print service. 


*javax.print.DocPrintJob.addPrintJobAttributeListener(PrintJobAttributeListener,PrintJobAttributeSet)*

public void addPrintJobAttributeListener(
  javax.print.event.PrintJobAttributeListener listener,
  javax.print.attribute.PrintJobAttributeSet attributes)

Registers a listener for changes in the specified attributes. If listener is 
null, no exception is thrown and no action is performed. To determine the 
attribute updates that may be reported by this job, a client can call 
getAttributes()/ and identify the subset that are interesting and likely to be 
reported to the listener. Clients expecting to be updated about changes in a 
specific job attribute should verify it is in that set, but updates about an 
attribute will be made only if it changes and this is detected by the job. Also 
updates may be subject to batching by the job. To minimise overhead in print 
job processing it is recommended to listen on only that subset of attributes 
which are likely to change. If the specified set is empty no attribute updates 
will be reported to the listener. If the attribute set is null, then this means 
to listen on all dynamic attributes that the job supports. This may result in 
no update notifications if a job can not report any attribute updates. 

If listener is already registered, it will be registered again. 

    listener - The object implementing the listener interface 
    attributes - The attributes to listen on, or null to mean all attributes that can change, as 
       determined by the job. 

*javax.print.DocPrintJob.addPrintJobListener(PrintJobListener)*

public void addPrintJobListener(javax.print.event.PrintJobListener listener)

Registers a listener for event occurring during this print job. If listener is 
null, no exception is thrown and no action is performed. If listener is already 
registered, it will be registered again. 

    listener - The object implementing the listener interface 

*javax.print.DocPrintJob.getAttributes()*

public |javax.print.attribute.PrintJobAttributeSet| getAttributes()

Obtains this Print Job's set of printing attributes. The returned attribute set 
object is unmodifiable. The returned attribute set object is a "snapshot" of 
this Print Job's attribute set at the time of the (|javax.print.DocPrintJob|) 
method call; that is, the returned attribute set's object's contents will not 
be updated if this Print Job's attribute set's contents change in the future. 
To detect changes in attribute values, call getAttributes() again and compare 
the new attribute set to the previous attribute set; alternatively, register a 
listener for print job events. The returned value may be an empty set but 
should not be null. 


    Returns: the print job attributes 
*javax.print.DocPrintJob.getPrintService()*

public |javax.print.PrintService| getPrintService()

Determines the (|javax.print.PrintService|) object to which this print job 
object is bound. 


    Returns: PrintService object. 
*javax.print.DocPrintJob.print(Doc,PrintRequestAttributeSet)*

public void print(
  javax.print.Doc doc,
  javax.print.attribute.PrintRequestAttributeSet attributes)
  throws |javax.print.PrintException|
         
Prints a document with the specified job attributes. This method should only be 
called once for a given print job. Calling it again will not result in a new 
job being spooled to the printer. The service implementation will define policy 
for service interruption and recovery. When the print method returns, printing 
may not yet have completed as printing may happen asynchronously, perhaps in a 
different thread. Application clients which want to monitor the success or 
failure should register a PrintJobListener. 

Print service implementors should close any print data streams (ie Reader or 
InputStream implementations) that they obtain from the client doc. Robust 
clients may still wish to verify this. An exception is always generated if a 
DocFlavor cannot be printed. 

    doc - The document to be printed. If must be a flavor supported by this PrintJob. 
    attributes - The job attributes to be applied to this print job. If this parameter is null 
       then the default attributes are used. 

*javax.print.DocPrintJob.removePrintJobAttributeListener(PrintJobAttributeListener)*

public void removePrintJobAttributeListener(javax.print.event.PrintJobAttributeListener listener)

Removes an attribute listener from this print job. This method performs no 
function, nor does it throw an exception, if the listener specified by the 
argument was not previously added to this component. If the listener is null, 
no exception is thrown and no action is performed. If a listener is registered 
more than once, even for a different set of attributes, no guarantee is made 
which listener is removed. 

    listener - The object implementing the listener interface 

*javax.print.DocPrintJob.removePrintJobListener(PrintJobListener)*

public void removePrintJobListener(javax.print.event.PrintJobListener listener)

Removes a listener from this print job. This method performs no function, nor 
does it throw an exception, if the listener specified by the argument was not 
previously added to this component. If listener is null, no exception is thrown 
and no action is performed. If a listener was registered more than once only 
one of the registrations will be removed. 

    listener - The object implementing the listener interface 


