*javax.accessibility.AccessibleExtendedText* *AccessibleExtendedText* The Access

public interface interface AccessibleExtendedText


|javax.accessibility.AccessibleExtendedText_Description|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleExtendedText_Fields|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleExtendedText_Constructors|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleExtendedText_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleExtendedText_Fields*
|int_javax.accessibility.AccessibleExtendedText.ATTRIBUTE_RUN|
|int_javax.accessibility.AccessibleExtendedText.LINE|

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleExtendedText_Methods*
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleExtendedText.getTextBounds(int,int)|Returns the 
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleExtendedText.getTextRange(int,int)|Returns the t
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleExtendedText.getTextSequenceAfter(int,int)|Retur
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleExtendedText.getTextSequenceAt(int,int)|Returns 
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleExtendedText.getTextSequenceBefore(int,int)|Retu

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleExtendedText_Description*

The AccessibleExtendedText interface contains additional methods not provided 
by the AccessibleText interface 

Applications can determine if an object supports the AccessibleExtendedText 
interface by first obtaining its AccessibleContext (see 
(|javax.accessibility.Accessible|) ) and then calling the 
(|javax.accessibility.AccessibleContext|) method of AccessibleContext. If the 
return value is an instance of AccessibleExtendedText, the object supports this 
interface. 


*int_javax.accessibility.AccessibleExtendedText.ATTRIBUTE_RUN*

The AccessibleExtendedText interface contains additional methods not provided 
by the AccessibleText interface 

Applications can determine if an object supports the AccessibleExtendedText 
interface by first obtaining its AccessibleContext (see 
(|javax.accessibility.Accessible|) ) and then calling the 
(|javax.accessibility.AccessibleContext|) method of AccessibleContext. If the 
return value is an instance of AccessibleExtendedText, the object supports this 
interface. 


*int_javax.accessibility.AccessibleExtendedText.LINE*

The AccessibleExtendedText interface contains additional methods not provided 
by the AccessibleText interface 

Applications can determine if an object supports the AccessibleExtendedText 
interface by first obtaining its AccessibleContext (see 
(|javax.accessibility.Accessible|) ) and then calling the 
(|javax.accessibility.AccessibleContext|) method of AccessibleContext. If the 
return value is an instance of AccessibleExtendedText, the object supports this 
interface. 



*javax.accessibility.AccessibleExtendedText.getTextBounds(int,int)*

public |java.awt.Rectangle| getTextBounds(
  int startIndex,
  int endIndex)

Returns the bounding rectangle of the text between two indices. 

    startIndex - the start index in the text 
    endIndex - the end index in the text 

    Returns: the bounding rectangle of the text if the indices are valid. Otherwise, null is 
             returned. 
*javax.accessibility.AccessibleExtendedText.getTextRange(int,int)*

public |java.lang.String| getTextRange(
  int startIndex,
  int endIndex)

Returns the text between two indices 

    startIndex - the start index in the text 
    endIndex - the end index in the text 

    Returns: the text string if the indices are valid. Otherwise, null is returned. 
*javax.accessibility.AccessibleExtendedText.getTextSequenceAfter(int,int)*

public |javax.accessibility.AccessibleTextSequence| getTextSequenceAfter(
  int part,
  int index)

Returns the AccessibleTextSequence after a given index. 

    part - the CHARACTER, WORD, SENTENCE, LINE or ATTRIBUTE_RUN to retrieve 
    index - an index within the text 

    Returns: an AccessibleTextSequence specifying the text if part and index are valid. 
             Otherwise, null is returned. 
*javax.accessibility.AccessibleExtendedText.getTextSequenceAt(int,int)*

public |javax.accessibility.AccessibleTextSequence| getTextSequenceAt(
  int part,
  int index)

Returns the AccessibleTextSequence at a given index. 

    part - the CHARACTER, WORD, SENTENCE, LINE or ATTRIBUTE_RUN to retrieve 
    index - an index within the text 

    Returns: an AccessibleTextSequence specifying the text if part and index are valid. 
             Otherwise, null is returned. 
*javax.accessibility.AccessibleExtendedText.getTextSequenceBefore(int,int)*

public |javax.accessibility.AccessibleTextSequence| getTextSequenceBefore(
  int part,
  int index)

Returns the AccessibleTextSequence before a given index. 

    part - the CHARACTER, WORD, SENTENCE, LINE or ATTRIBUTE_RUN to retrieve 
    index - an index within the text 

    Returns: an AccessibleTextSequence specifying the text if part and index are valid. 
             Otherwise, null is returned. 

