*javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification* *MonitorNotification* Provides de

public class MonitorNotification
  extends    |javax.management.Notification|

|javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification_Description|
|javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification_Fields|
|javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification_Constructors|
|javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification_Fields*
|java.lang.String_javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification.OBSERVED_ATTRIBUTE_ERROR|
|java.lang.String_javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification.OBSERVED_ATTRIBUTE_TYPE_ERROR|
|java.lang.String_javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification.OBSERVED_OBJECT_ERROR|
|java.lang.String_javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification.RUNTIME_ERROR|
|java.lang.String_javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification.STRING_TO_COMPARE_VALUE_DIFFERED|
|java.lang.String_javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification.STRING_TO_COMPARE_VALUE_MATCHED|
|java.lang.String_javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification.THRESHOLD_ERROR|
|java.lang.String_javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification.THRESHOLD_HIGH_VALUE_EXCEEDED|
|java.lang.String_javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification.THRESHOLD_LOW_VALUE_EXCEEDED|
|java.lang.String_javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification.THRESHOLD_VALUE_EXCEEDED|

*javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification_Methods*
|javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification.getDerivedGauge()|Gets the derive
|javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification.getObservedAttribute()|Gets the o
|javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification.getObservedObject()|Gets the obse
|javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification.getTrigger()|Gets the threshold/s

*javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification_Description*

Provides definitions of the notifications sent by monitor MBeans. 

The notification source and a set of parameters concerning the monitor MBean's 
state need to be specified when creating a new object of this class. 

The list of notifications fired by the monitor MBeans is the following: 

Common to all kind of monitors: 

The observed object is not registered in the MBean server. The observed 
attribute is not contained in the observed object. The type of the observed 
attribute is not correct. Any exception (except the cases described above) 
occurs when trying to get the value of the observed attribute. 

Common to the counter and the gauge monitors: 

The threshold high or threshold low are not of the same type as the gauge 
(gauge monitors). The threshold or the offset or the modulus are not of the 
same type as the counter (counter monitors). 

Counter monitors only: 

The observed attribute has reached the threshold value. 

Gauge monitors only: 

The observed attribute has exceeded the threshold high value. The observed 
attribute has exceeded the threshold low value. 

String monitors only: 

The observed attribute has matched the "string to compare" value. The observed 
attribute has differed from the "string to compare" value. 




*java.lang.String_javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification.OBSERVED_ATTRIBUTE_ERROR*

Provides definitions of the notifications sent by monitor MBeans. 

The notification source and a set of parameters concerning the monitor MBean's 
state need to be specified when creating a new object of this class. 

The list of notifications fired by the monitor MBeans is the following: 

Common to all kind of monitors: 

The observed object is not registered in the MBean server. The observed 
attribute is not contained in the observed object. The type of the observed 
attribute is not correct. Any exception (except the cases described above) 
occurs when trying to get the value of the observed attribute. 

Common to the counter and the gauge monitors: 

The threshold high or threshold low are not of the same type as the gauge 
(gauge monitors). The threshold or the offset or the modulus are not of the 
same type as the counter (counter monitors). 

Counter monitors only: 

The observed attribute has reached the threshold value. 

Gauge monitors only: 

The observed attribute has exceeded the threshold high value. The observed 
attribute has exceeded the threshold low value. 

String monitors only: 

The observed attribute has matched the "string to compare" value. The observed 
attribute has differed from the "string to compare" value. 




*java.lang.String_javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification.OBSERVED_ATTRIBUTE_TYPE_ERROR*

Provides definitions of the notifications sent by monitor MBeans. 

The notification source and a set of parameters concerning the monitor MBean's 
state need to be specified when creating a new object of this class. 

The list of notifications fired by the monitor MBeans is the following: 

Common to all kind of monitors: 

The observed object is not registered in the MBean server. The observed 
attribute is not contained in the observed object. The type of the observed 
attribute is not correct. Any exception (except the cases described above) 
occurs when trying to get the value of the observed attribute. 

Common to the counter and the gauge monitors: 

The threshold high or threshold low are not of the same type as the gauge 
(gauge monitors). The threshold or the offset or the modulus are not of the 
same type as the counter (counter monitors). 

Counter monitors only: 

The observed attribute has reached the threshold value. 

Gauge monitors only: 

The observed attribute has exceeded the threshold high value. The observed 
attribute has exceeded the threshold low value. 

String monitors only: 

The observed attribute has matched the "string to compare" value. The observed 
attribute has differed from the "string to compare" value. 




*java.lang.String_javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification.OBSERVED_OBJECT_ERROR*

Provides definitions of the notifications sent by monitor MBeans. 

The notification source and a set of parameters concerning the monitor MBean's 
state need to be specified when creating a new object of this class. 

The list of notifications fired by the monitor MBeans is the following: 

Common to all kind of monitors: 

The observed object is not registered in the MBean server. The observed 
attribute is not contained in the observed object. The type of the observed 
attribute is not correct. Any exception (except the cases described above) 
occurs when trying to get the value of the observed attribute. 

Common to the counter and the gauge monitors: 

The threshold high or threshold low are not of the same type as the gauge 
(gauge monitors). The threshold or the offset or the modulus are not of the 
same type as the counter (counter monitors). 

Counter monitors only: 

The observed attribute has reached the threshold value. 

Gauge monitors only: 

The observed attribute has exceeded the threshold high value. The observed 
attribute has exceeded the threshold low value. 

String monitors only: 

The observed attribute has matched the "string to compare" value. The observed 
attribute has differed from the "string to compare" value. 




*java.lang.String_javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification.RUNTIME_ERROR*

Provides definitions of the notifications sent by monitor MBeans. 

The notification source and a set of parameters concerning the monitor MBean's 
state need to be specified when creating a new object of this class. 

The list of notifications fired by the monitor MBeans is the following: 

Common to all kind of monitors: 

The observed object is not registered in the MBean server. The observed 
attribute is not contained in the observed object. The type of the observed 
attribute is not correct. Any exception (except the cases described above) 
occurs when trying to get the value of the observed attribute. 

Common to the counter and the gauge monitors: 

The threshold high or threshold low are not of the same type as the gauge 
(gauge monitors). The threshold or the offset or the modulus are not of the 
same type as the counter (counter monitors). 

Counter monitors only: 

The observed attribute has reached the threshold value. 

Gauge monitors only: 

The observed attribute has exceeded the threshold high value. The observed 
attribute has exceeded the threshold low value. 

String monitors only: 

The observed attribute has matched the "string to compare" value. The observed 
attribute has differed from the "string to compare" value. 




*java.lang.String_javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification.STRING_TO_COMPARE_VALUE_DIFFERED*

Provides definitions of the notifications sent by monitor MBeans. 

The notification source and a set of parameters concerning the monitor MBean's 
state need to be specified when creating a new object of this class. 

The list of notifications fired by the monitor MBeans is the following: 

Common to all kind of monitors: 

The observed object is not registered in the MBean server. The observed 
attribute is not contained in the observed object. The type of the observed 
attribute is not correct. Any exception (except the cases described above) 
occurs when trying to get the value of the observed attribute. 

Common to the counter and the gauge monitors: 

The threshold high or threshold low are not of the same type as the gauge 
(gauge monitors). The threshold or the offset or the modulus are not of the 
same type as the counter (counter monitors). 

Counter monitors only: 

The observed attribute has reached the threshold value. 

Gauge monitors only: 

The observed attribute has exceeded the threshold high value. The observed 
attribute has exceeded the threshold low value. 

String monitors only: 

The observed attribute has matched the "string to compare" value. The observed 
attribute has differed from the "string to compare" value. 




*java.lang.String_javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification.STRING_TO_COMPARE_VALUE_MATCHED*

Provides definitions of the notifications sent by monitor MBeans. 

The notification source and a set of parameters concerning the monitor MBean's 
state need to be specified when creating a new object of this class. 

The list of notifications fired by the monitor MBeans is the following: 

Common to all kind of monitors: 

The observed object is not registered in the MBean server. The observed 
attribute is not contained in the observed object. The type of the observed 
attribute is not correct. Any exception (except the cases described above) 
occurs when trying to get the value of the observed attribute. 

Common to the counter and the gauge monitors: 

The threshold high or threshold low are not of the same type as the gauge 
(gauge monitors). The threshold or the offset or the modulus are not of the 
same type as the counter (counter monitors). 

Counter monitors only: 

The observed attribute has reached the threshold value. 

Gauge monitors only: 

The observed attribute has exceeded the threshold high value. The observed 
attribute has exceeded the threshold low value. 

String monitors only: 

The observed attribute has matched the "string to compare" value. The observed 
attribute has differed from the "string to compare" value. 




*java.lang.String_javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification.THRESHOLD_ERROR*

Provides definitions of the notifications sent by monitor MBeans. 

The notification source and a set of parameters concerning the monitor MBean's 
state need to be specified when creating a new object of this class. 

The list of notifications fired by the monitor MBeans is the following: 

Common to all kind of monitors: 

The observed object is not registered in the MBean server. The observed 
attribute is not contained in the observed object. The type of the observed 
attribute is not correct. Any exception (except the cases described above) 
occurs when trying to get the value of the observed attribute. 

Common to the counter and the gauge monitors: 

The threshold high or threshold low are not of the same type as the gauge 
(gauge monitors). The threshold or the offset or the modulus are not of the 
same type as the counter (counter monitors). 

Counter monitors only: 

The observed attribute has reached the threshold value. 

Gauge monitors only: 

The observed attribute has exceeded the threshold high value. The observed 
attribute has exceeded the threshold low value. 

String monitors only: 

The observed attribute has matched the "string to compare" value. The observed 
attribute has differed from the "string to compare" value. 




*java.lang.String_javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification.THRESHOLD_HIGH_VALUE_EXCEEDED*

Provides definitions of the notifications sent by monitor MBeans. 

The notification source and a set of parameters concerning the monitor MBean's 
state need to be specified when creating a new object of this class. 

The list of notifications fired by the monitor MBeans is the following: 

Common to all kind of monitors: 

The observed object is not registered in the MBean server. The observed 
attribute is not contained in the observed object. The type of the observed 
attribute is not correct. Any exception (except the cases described above) 
occurs when trying to get the value of the observed attribute. 

Common to the counter and the gauge monitors: 

The threshold high or threshold low are not of the same type as the gauge 
(gauge monitors). The threshold or the offset or the modulus are not of the 
same type as the counter (counter monitors). 

Counter monitors only: 

The observed attribute has reached the threshold value. 

Gauge monitors only: 

The observed attribute has exceeded the threshold high value. The observed 
attribute has exceeded the threshold low value. 

String monitors only: 

The observed attribute has matched the "string to compare" value. The observed 
attribute has differed from the "string to compare" value. 




*java.lang.String_javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification.THRESHOLD_LOW_VALUE_EXCEEDED*

Provides definitions of the notifications sent by monitor MBeans. 

The notification source and a set of parameters concerning the monitor MBean's 
state need to be specified when creating a new object of this class. 

The list of notifications fired by the monitor MBeans is the following: 

Common to all kind of monitors: 

The observed object is not registered in the MBean server. The observed 
attribute is not contained in the observed object. The type of the observed 
attribute is not correct. Any exception (except the cases described above) 
occurs when trying to get the value of the observed attribute. 

Common to the counter and the gauge monitors: 

The threshold high or threshold low are not of the same type as the gauge 
(gauge monitors). The threshold or the offset or the modulus are not of the 
same type as the counter (counter monitors). 

Counter monitors only: 

The observed attribute has reached the threshold value. 

Gauge monitors only: 

The observed attribute has exceeded the threshold high value. The observed 
attribute has exceeded the threshold low value. 

String monitors only: 

The observed attribute has matched the "string to compare" value. The observed 
attribute has differed from the "string to compare" value. 




*java.lang.String_javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification.THRESHOLD_VALUE_EXCEEDED*

Provides definitions of the notifications sent by monitor MBeans. 

The notification source and a set of parameters concerning the monitor MBean's 
state need to be specified when creating a new object of this class. 

The list of notifications fired by the monitor MBeans is the following: 

Common to all kind of monitors: 

The observed object is not registered in the MBean server. The observed 
attribute is not contained in the observed object. The type of the observed 
attribute is not correct. Any exception (except the cases described above) 
occurs when trying to get the value of the observed attribute. 

Common to the counter and the gauge monitors: 

The threshold high or threshold low are not of the same type as the gauge 
(gauge monitors). The threshold or the offset or the modulus are not of the 
same type as the counter (counter monitors). 

Counter monitors only: 

The observed attribute has reached the threshold value. 

Gauge monitors only: 

The observed attribute has exceeded the threshold high value. The observed 
attribute has exceeded the threshold low value. 

String monitors only: 

The observed attribute has matched the "string to compare" value. The observed 
attribute has differed from the "string to compare" value. 





*javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification.getDerivedGauge()*

public |java.lang.Object| getDerivedGauge()

Gets the derived gauge of this monitor notification. 


    Returns: The derived gauge. 
*javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification.getObservedAttribute()*

public |java.lang.String| getObservedAttribute()

Gets the observed attribute of this monitor notification. 


    Returns: The observed attribute. 
*javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification.getObservedObject()*

public |javax.management.ObjectName| getObservedObject()

Gets the observed object of this monitor notification. 


    Returns: The observed object. 
*javax.management.monitor.MonitorNotification.getTrigger()*

public |java.lang.Object| getTrigger()

Gets the threshold/string (depending on the monitor type) that triggered off 
this monitor notification. 


    Returns: 

