*javax.accessibility.AccessibleTableModelChange* *AccessibleTableModelChange* Th

public interface interface AccessibleTableModelChange


|javax.accessibility.AccessibleTableModelChange_Description|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleTableModelChange_Fields|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleTableModelChange_Constructors|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleTableModelChange_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleTableModelChange_Fields*
|int_javax.accessibility.AccessibleTableModelChange.DELETE|
|int_javax.accessibility.AccessibleTableModelChange.INSERT|
|int_javax.accessibility.AccessibleTableModelChange.UPDATE|

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleTableModelChange_Methods*
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleTableModelChange.getFirstColumn()|Returns the fi
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleTableModelChange.getFirstRow()|Returns the first
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleTableModelChange.getLastColumn()|Returns the las
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleTableModelChange.getLastRow()|Returns the last r
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleTableModelChange.getType()|Returns the type of e

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleTableModelChange_Description*

The AccessibleTableModelChange interface describes a change to the table model. 
The attributes of the model change can be obtained by the following methods: 

public int getType() public int getFirstRow(); public int getLastRow(); public 
int getFirstColumn(); public int getLastColumn(); 

The model change type returned by getType() will be one of: 

INSERT - one or more rows and/or columns have been inserted UPDATE - some of 
the table data has changed DELETE - one or more rows and/or columns have been 
deleted 

The affected area of the table can be determined by the other four methods 
which specify ranges of rows and columns 


*int_javax.accessibility.AccessibleTableModelChange.DELETE*

The AccessibleTableModelChange interface describes a change to the table model. 
The attributes of the model change can be obtained by the following methods: 

public int getType() public int getFirstRow(); public int getLastRow(); public 
int getFirstColumn(); public int getLastColumn(); 

The model change type returned by getType() will be one of: 

INSERT - one or more rows and/or columns have been inserted UPDATE - some of 
the table data has changed DELETE - one or more rows and/or columns have been 
deleted 

The affected area of the table can be determined by the other four methods 
which specify ranges of rows and columns 


*int_javax.accessibility.AccessibleTableModelChange.INSERT*

The AccessibleTableModelChange interface describes a change to the table model. 
The attributes of the model change can be obtained by the following methods: 

public int getType() public int getFirstRow(); public int getLastRow(); public 
int getFirstColumn(); public int getLastColumn(); 

The model change type returned by getType() will be one of: 

INSERT - one or more rows and/or columns have been inserted UPDATE - some of 
the table data has changed DELETE - one or more rows and/or columns have been 
deleted 

The affected area of the table can be determined by the other four methods 
which specify ranges of rows and columns 


*int_javax.accessibility.AccessibleTableModelChange.UPDATE*

The AccessibleTableModelChange interface describes a change to the table model. 
The attributes of the model change can be obtained by the following methods: 

public int getType() public int getFirstRow(); public int getLastRow(); public 
int getFirstColumn(); public int getLastColumn(); 

The model change type returned by getType() will be one of: 

INSERT - one or more rows and/or columns have been inserted UPDATE - some of 
the table data has changed DELETE - one or more rows and/or columns have been 
deleted 

The affected area of the table can be determined by the other four methods 
which specify ranges of rows and columns 



*javax.accessibility.AccessibleTableModelChange.getFirstColumn()*

public int getFirstColumn()

Returns the first column that changed. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleTableModelChange.getFirstRow()*

public int getFirstRow()

Returns the first row that changed. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleTableModelChange.getLastColumn()*

public int getLastColumn()

Returns the last column that changed. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleTableModelChange.getLastRow()*

public int getLastRow()

Returns the last row that changed. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleTableModelChange.getType()*

public int getType()

Returns the type of event 



