*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressions* *JobImpressions* Class JobImpres

public final class JobImpressions
  extends    |javax.print.attribute.IntegerSyntax|
  implements |javax.print.attribute.PrintRequestAttribute|
             |javax.print.attribute.PrintJobAttribute|

|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressions_Description|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressions_Fields|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressions_Constructors|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressions_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressions_Constructors*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressions(int)|Construct a new job impress

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressions_Methods*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressions.equals(Object)|Returns whether t
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressions.getCategory()|Get the printing a
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressions.getName()|Get the name of the ca

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressions_Description*

Class JobImpressions is an integer valued printing attribute class that 
specifies the total size in number of impressions of the document(s) being 
submitted. An "impression" is the image (possibly many print-stream pages in 
different configurations) imposed onto a single media page. 

The JobImpressions attribute describes the size of the job. This attribute is 
not intended to be a counter; it is intended to be useful routing and 
scheduling information if known. The printer may try to compute the 
JobImpressions attribute's value if it is not supplied in the Print Request. 
Even if the client does supply a value for the JobImpressions attribute in the 
Print Request, the printer may choose to change the value if the printer is 
able to compute a value which is more accurate than the client supplied value. 
The printer may be able to determine the correct value for the JobImpressions 
attribute either right at job submission time or at any later point in time. 

As with JobKOctets(|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctets|) , the 
JobImpressions value must not include the multiplicative factors contributed by 
the number of copies specified by the 
Copies(|javax.print.attribute.standard.Copies|) attribute, independent of 
whether the device can process multiple copies without making multiple passes 
over the job or document data and independent of whether the output is collated 
or not. Thus the value is independent of the implementation and reflects the 
size of the document(s) measured in impressions independent of the number of 
copies. 

As with JobKOctets(|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctets|) , the 
JobImpressions value must also not include the multiplicative factor due to a 
copies instruction embedded in the document data. If the document data actually 
includes replications of the document data, this value will include such 
replication. In other words, this value is always the number of impressions in 
the source document data, rather than a measure of the number of impressions to 
be produced by the job. 

IPP Compatibility: The integer value gives the IPP integer value. The category 
name returned by getName() gives the IPP attribute name. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressions(int)*

public JobImpressions(int value)

Construct a new job impressions attribute with the given integer value. 

    value - Integer value. 

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressions.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object object)

Returns whether this job impressions attribute is equivalent to the passed in 
object. To be equivalent, all of the following conditions must be true: 

object is not null. 

object is an instance of class JobImpressions. 

This job impressions attribute's value and object's value are equal. 

    object - Object to compare to. 

    Returns: True if object is equivalent to this job impressions attribute, false 
             otherwise. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressions.getCategory()*

public final |java.lang.Class| getCategory()

Get the printing attribute class which is to be used as the "category" for this 
printing attribute value. 

For class JobImpressions, the category is class JobImpressions itself. 


    Returns: Printing attribute class (category), an instance of class {@link 
             java.lang.Class java.lang.Class}. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressions.getName()*

public final |java.lang.String| getName()

Get the name of the category of which this attribute value is an instance. 

For class JobImpressions, the category name is "job-impressions". 


    Returns: Attribute category name. 

