*java.sql.Types* *Types* The class that defines the constants that are used to i

public class Types
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|java.sql.Types_Description|
|java.sql.Types_Fields|
|java.sql.Types_Constructors|
|java.sql.Types_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.sql.Types_Fields*
|int_java.sql.Types.ARRAY|
|int_java.sql.Types.BIGINT|
|int_java.sql.Types.BINARY|
|int_java.sql.Types.BIT|
|int_java.sql.Types.BLOB|
|int_java.sql.Types.BOOLEAN|
|int_java.sql.Types.CHAR|
|int_java.sql.Types.CLOB|
|int_java.sql.Types.DATALINK|
|int_java.sql.Types.DATE|
|int_java.sql.Types.DECIMAL|
|int_java.sql.Types.DISTINCT|
|int_java.sql.Types.DOUBLE|
|int_java.sql.Types.FLOAT|
|int_java.sql.Types.INTEGER|
|int_java.sql.Types.JAVA_OBJECT|
|int_java.sql.Types.LONGVARBINARY|
|int_java.sql.Types.LONGVARCHAR|
|int_java.sql.Types.NULL|
|int_java.sql.Types.NUMERIC|
|int_java.sql.Types.OTHER|
|int_java.sql.Types.REAL|
|int_java.sql.Types.REF|
|int_java.sql.Types.SMALLINT|
|int_java.sql.Types.STRUCT|
|int_java.sql.Types.TIME|
|int_java.sql.Types.TIMESTAMP|
|int_java.sql.Types.TINYINT|
|int_java.sql.Types.VARBINARY|
|int_java.sql.Types.VARCHAR|

*java.sql.Types_Description*

The class that defines the constants that are used to identify generic SQL 
types, called JDBC types. The actual type constant values are equivalent to 
those in XOPEN. 

This class is never instantiated. 


*int_java.sql.Types.ARRAY*

The class that defines the constants that are used to identify generic SQL 
types, called JDBC types. The actual type constant values are equivalent to 
those in XOPEN. 

This class is never instantiated. 


*int_java.sql.Types.BIGINT*

The class that defines the constants that are used to identify generic SQL 
types, called JDBC types. The actual type constant values are equivalent to 
those in XOPEN. 

This class is never instantiated. 


*int_java.sql.Types.BINARY*

The class that defines the constants that are used to identify generic SQL 
types, called JDBC types. The actual type constant values are equivalent to 
those in XOPEN. 

This class is never instantiated. 


*int_java.sql.Types.BIT*

The class that defines the constants that are used to identify generic SQL 
types, called JDBC types. The actual type constant values are equivalent to 
those in XOPEN. 

This class is never instantiated. 


*int_java.sql.Types.BLOB*

The class that defines the constants that are used to identify generic SQL 
types, called JDBC types. The actual type constant values are equivalent to 
those in XOPEN. 

This class is never instantiated. 


*int_java.sql.Types.BOOLEAN*

The class that defines the constants that are used to identify generic SQL 
types, called JDBC types. The actual type constant values are equivalent to 
those in XOPEN. 

This class is never instantiated. 


*int_java.sql.Types.CHAR*

The class that defines the constants that are used to identify generic SQL 
types, called JDBC types. The actual type constant values are equivalent to 
those in XOPEN. 

This class is never instantiated. 


*int_java.sql.Types.CLOB*

The class that defines the constants that are used to identify generic SQL 
types, called JDBC types. The actual type constant values are equivalent to 
those in XOPEN. 

This class is never instantiated. 


*int_java.sql.Types.DATALINK*

The class that defines the constants that are used to identify generic SQL 
types, called JDBC types. The actual type constant values are equivalent to 
those in XOPEN. 

This class is never instantiated. 


*int_java.sql.Types.DATE*

The class that defines the constants that are used to identify generic SQL 
types, called JDBC types. The actual type constant values are equivalent to 
those in XOPEN. 

This class is never instantiated. 


*int_java.sql.Types.DECIMAL*

The class that defines the constants that are used to identify generic SQL 
types, called JDBC types. The actual type constant values are equivalent to 
those in XOPEN. 

This class is never instantiated. 


*int_java.sql.Types.DISTINCT*

The class that defines the constants that are used to identify generic SQL 
types, called JDBC types. The actual type constant values are equivalent to 
those in XOPEN. 

This class is never instantiated. 


*int_java.sql.Types.DOUBLE*

The class that defines the constants that are used to identify generic SQL 
types, called JDBC types. The actual type constant values are equivalent to 
those in XOPEN. 

This class is never instantiated. 


*int_java.sql.Types.FLOAT*

The class that defines the constants that are used to identify generic SQL 
types, called JDBC types. The actual type constant values are equivalent to 
those in XOPEN. 

This class is never instantiated. 


*int_java.sql.Types.INTEGER*

The class that defines the constants that are used to identify generic SQL 
types, called JDBC types. The actual type constant values are equivalent to 
those in XOPEN. 

This class is never instantiated. 


*int_java.sql.Types.JAVA_OBJECT*

The class that defines the constants that are used to identify generic SQL 
types, called JDBC types. The actual type constant values are equivalent to 
those in XOPEN. 

This class is never instantiated. 


*int_java.sql.Types.LONGVARBINARY*

The class that defines the constants that are used to identify generic SQL 
types, called JDBC types. The actual type constant values are equivalent to 
those in XOPEN. 

This class is never instantiated. 


*int_java.sql.Types.LONGVARCHAR*

The class that defines the constants that are used to identify generic SQL 
types, called JDBC types. The actual type constant values are equivalent to 
those in XOPEN. 

This class is never instantiated. 


*int_java.sql.Types.NULL*

The class that defines the constants that are used to identify generic SQL 
types, called JDBC types. The actual type constant values are equivalent to 
those in XOPEN. 

This class is never instantiated. 


*int_java.sql.Types.NUMERIC*

The class that defines the constants that are used to identify generic SQL 
types, called JDBC types. The actual type constant values are equivalent to 
those in XOPEN. 

This class is never instantiated. 


*int_java.sql.Types.OTHER*

The class that defines the constants that are used to identify generic SQL 
types, called JDBC types. The actual type constant values are equivalent to 
those in XOPEN. 

This class is never instantiated. 


*int_java.sql.Types.REAL*

The class that defines the constants that are used to identify generic SQL 
types, called JDBC types. The actual type constant values are equivalent to 
those in XOPEN. 

This class is never instantiated. 


*int_java.sql.Types.REF*

The class that defines the constants that are used to identify generic SQL 
types, called JDBC types. The actual type constant values are equivalent to 
those in XOPEN. 

This class is never instantiated. 


*int_java.sql.Types.SMALLINT*

The class that defines the constants that are used to identify generic SQL 
types, called JDBC types. The actual type constant values are equivalent to 
those in XOPEN. 

This class is never instantiated. 


*int_java.sql.Types.STRUCT*

The class that defines the constants that are used to identify generic SQL 
types, called JDBC types. The actual type constant values are equivalent to 
those in XOPEN. 

This class is never instantiated. 


*int_java.sql.Types.TIME*

The class that defines the constants that are used to identify generic SQL 
types, called JDBC types. The actual type constant values are equivalent to 
those in XOPEN. 

This class is never instantiated. 


*int_java.sql.Types.TIMESTAMP*

The class that defines the constants that are used to identify generic SQL 
types, called JDBC types. The actual type constant values are equivalent to 
those in XOPEN. 

This class is never instantiated. 


*int_java.sql.Types.TINYINT*

The class that defines the constants that are used to identify generic SQL 
types, called JDBC types. The actual type constant values are equivalent to 
those in XOPEN. 

This class is never instantiated. 


*int_java.sql.Types.VARBINARY*

The class that defines the constants that are used to identify generic SQL 
types, called JDBC types. The actual type constant values are equivalent to 
those in XOPEN. 

This class is never instantiated. 


*int_java.sql.Types.VARCHAR*

The class that defines the constants that are used to identify generic SQL 
types, called JDBC types. The actual type constant values are equivalent to 
those in XOPEN. 

This class is never instantiated. 



