*java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard* *Clipboard* A class that implements a mechanis

public class Clipboard
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard_Description|
|java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard_Fields|
|java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard_Constructors|
|java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard_Fields*
|java.awt.datatransfer.Transferable_java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard.contents|
|java.awt.datatransfer.ClipboardOwner_java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard.owner|

*java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard_Constructors*
|java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard(String)|Creates a clipboard object.

*java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard_Methods*
|java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard.addFlavorListener(FlavorListener)|Registers th
|java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard.getAvailableDataFlavors()|Returns an array of 
|java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard.getContents(Object)|Returns a transferable obj
|java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard.getData(DataFlavor)|Returns an object represen
|java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard.getFlavorListeners()|Returns an array of all t
|java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard.getName()|Returns the name of this clipboard o
|java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard.isDataFlavorAvailable(DataFlavor)|Returns whet
|java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard.removeFlavorListener(FlavorListener)|Removes t
|java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard.setContents(Transferable,ClipboardOwner)|Sets 

*java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard_Description*

A class that implements a mechanism to transfer data using cut/copy/paste 
operations. (|java.awt.datatransfer.FlavorListener|) s may be registered on an 
instance of the Clipboard class to be notified about changes to the set of 
(|java.awt.datatransfer.DataFlavor|) s available on this clipboard (see 
(|java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard|) ). 


*java.awt.datatransfer.Transferable_java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard.contents*

A class that implements a mechanism to transfer data using cut/copy/paste 
operations. (|java.awt.datatransfer.FlavorListener|) s may be registered on an 
instance of the Clipboard class to be notified about changes to the set of 
(|java.awt.datatransfer.DataFlavor|) s available on this clipboard (see 
(|java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard|) ). 


*java.awt.datatransfer.ClipboardOwner_java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard.owner*

A class that implements a mechanism to transfer data using cut/copy/paste 
operations. (|java.awt.datatransfer.FlavorListener|) s may be registered on an 
instance of the Clipboard class to be notified about changes to the set of 
(|java.awt.datatransfer.DataFlavor|) s available on this clipboard (see 
(|java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard|) ). 



*java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard(String)*

public Clipboard(java.lang.String name)

Creates a clipboard object. 


*java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard.addFlavorListener(FlavorListener)*

public synchronized void addFlavorListener(java.awt.datatransfer.FlavorListener listener)

Registers the specified FlavorListener to receive FlavorEvents from this 
clipboard. If listener is null, no exception is thrown and no action is 
performed. 

    listener - the listener to be added 

*java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard.getAvailableDataFlavors()*

public |java.awt.datatransfer.DataFlavor| getAvailableDataFlavors()

Returns an array of DataFlavors in which the current contents of this clipboard 
can be provided. If there are no DataFlavors available, this method returns a 
zero-length array. 


    Returns: an array of DataFlavors in which the current contents of this clipboard can be 
             provided 
*java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard.getContents(Object)*

public synchronized |java.awt.datatransfer.Transferable| getContents(java.lang.Object requestor)

Returns a transferable object representing the current contents of the 
clipboard. If the clipboard currently has no contents, it returns null. The 
parameter Object requestor is not currently used. The method throws 
IllegalStateException if the clipboard is currently unavailable. For example, 
on some platforms, the system clipboard is unavailable while it is accessed by 
another application. 

    requestor - the object requesting the clip data (not used) 

    Returns: the current transferable object on the clipboard 
*java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard.getData(DataFlavor)*

public |java.lang.Object| getData(java.awt.datatransfer.DataFlavor flavor)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         |java.awt.datatransfer.UnsupportedFlavorException|
         
Returns an object representing the current contents of this clipboard in the 
specified DataFlavor. The class of the object returned is defined by the 
representation class of flavor. 

    flavor - the requested DataFlavor for the contents 

    Returns: an object representing the current contents of this clipboard in the specified 
             DataFlavor 
*java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard.getFlavorListeners()*

public synchronized |java.awt.datatransfer.FlavorListener| getFlavorListeners()

Returns an array of all the FlavorListeners currently registered on this 
Clipboard. 


    Returns: all of this clipboard's FlavorListeners or an empty array if no listeners are 
             currently registered 
*java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard.getName()*

public |java.lang.String| getName()

Returns the name of this clipboard object. 


*java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard.isDataFlavorAvailable(DataFlavor)*

public boolean isDataFlavorAvailable(java.awt.datatransfer.DataFlavor flavor)

Returns whether or not the current contents of this clipboard can be provided 
in the specified DataFlavor. 

    flavor - the requested DataFlavor for the contents 

    Returns: true if the current contents of this clipboard can be provided in the specified 
             DataFlavor; false otherwise 
*java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard.removeFlavorListener(FlavorListener)*

public synchronized void removeFlavorListener(java.awt.datatransfer.FlavorListener listener)

Removes the specified FlavorListener so that it no longer receives FlavorEvents 
from this Clipboard. This method performs no function, nor does it throw an 
exception, if the listener specified by the argument was not previously added 
to this Clipboard. If listener is null, no exception is thrown and no action is 
performed. 

    listener - the listener to be removed 

*java.awt.datatransfer.Clipboard.setContents(Transferable,ClipboardOwner)*

public synchronized void setContents(
  java.awt.datatransfer.Transferable contents,
  java.awt.datatransfer.ClipboardOwner owner)

Sets the current contents of the clipboard to the specified transferable object 
and registers the specified clipboard owner as the owner of the new contents. 

If there is an existing owner different from the argument owner, that owner is 
notified that it no longer holds ownership of the clipboard contents via an 
invocation of ClipboardOwner.lostOwnership() on that owner. An implementation 
of setContents() is free not to invoke lostOwnership() directly from this 
method. For example, lostOwnership() may be invoked later on a different 
thread. The same applies to FlavorListeners registered on this clipboard. 

The method throws IllegalStateException if the clipboard is currently 
unavailable. For example, on some platforms, the system clipboard is 
unavailable while it is accessed by another application. 

    contents - the transferable object representing the clipboard content 
    owner - the object which owns the clipboard content 


