*java.awt.image.ShortLookupTable* *ShortLookupTable* This class defines a lookup

public class ShortLookupTable
  extends    |java.awt.image.LookupTable|

|java.awt.image.ShortLookupTable_Description|
|java.awt.image.ShortLookupTable_Fields|
|java.awt.image.ShortLookupTable_Constructors|
|java.awt.image.ShortLookupTable_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.awt.image.ShortLookupTable_Constructors*
|java.awt.image.ShortLookupTable(int,short[])|Constructs a ShortLookupTable obj
|java.awt.image.ShortLookupTable(int,short[][])|Constructs a ShortLookupTable o

*java.awt.image.ShortLookupTable_Methods*
|java.awt.image.ShortLookupTable.getTable()|Returns the lookup table data by re
|java.awt.image.ShortLookupTable.lookupPixel(int[],int[])|Returns an array of s
|java.awt.image.ShortLookupTable.lookupPixel(short[],short[])|Returns an array 

*java.awt.image.ShortLookupTable_Description*

This class defines a lookup table object. The output of a lookup operation 
using an object of this class is interpreted as an unsigned short quantity. The 
lookup table contains short data arrays for one or more bands (or components) 
of an image, and it contains an offset which will be subtracted from the input 
values before indexing the arrays. This allows an array smaller than the native 
data size to be provided for a constrained input. If there is only one array in 
the lookup table, it will be applied to all bands. 


*java.awt.image.ShortLookupTable(int,short[])*

public ShortLookupTable(
  int offset,
  short[] data)

Constructs a ShortLookupTable object from an array of shorts representing a 
lookup table for each band. The offset will be subtracted from the input values 
before indexing into the array. The data array is stored as a reference. 

    offset - the value subtracted from the input values before indexing into the arrays 
    data - an array of shorts 

*java.awt.image.ShortLookupTable(int,short[][])*

public ShortLookupTable(
  int offset,
  short[][] data)

Constructs a ShortLookupTable object from an array of short arrays representing 
a lookup table for each band. The offset will be subtracted from the input 
values before indexing into the arrays. The number of bands is the length of 
the data argument. The data array for each band is stored as a reference. 

    offset - the value subtracted from the input values before indexing into the arrays 
    data - an array of short arrays representing a lookup table for each band 

*java.awt.image.ShortLookupTable.getTable()*

public final short getTable()

Returns the lookup table data by reference. If this ShortLookupTable was 
constructed using a single short array, the length of the returned array is 
one. 


    Returns: ShortLookupTable data array. 
*java.awt.image.ShortLookupTable.lookupPixel(int[],int[])*

public int lookupPixel(
  int[] src,
  int[] dst)

Returns an array of samples of a pixel, translated with the lookup table. The 
source and destination array can be the same array. Array dst is returned. 

    src - the source array. 
    dst - the destination array. This array must be at least as long as src. If dst is 
       null, a new array will be allocated having the same length as src. 

    Returns: the array dst, an int array of samples. 
*java.awt.image.ShortLookupTable.lookupPixel(short[],short[])*

public short lookupPixel(
  short[] src,
  short[] dst)

Returns an array of samples of a pixel, translated with the lookup table. The 
source and destination array can be the same array. Array dst is returned. 

    src - the source array. 
    dst - the destination array. This array must be at least as long as src. If dst is 
       null, a new array will be allocated having the same length as src. 

    Returns: the array dst, an int array of samples. 

