*java.lang.Enum* *Enum* This is the common base class of all Java language enume

public abstract class Enum
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |java.lang.Comparable|
             |java.io.Serializable|

|java.lang.Enum_Description|
|java.lang.Enum_Fields|
|java.lang.Enum_Constructors|
|java.lang.Enum_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.lang.Enum_Constructors*
|java.lang.Enum(String,int)|Sole constructor.

*java.lang.Enum_Methods*
|java.lang.Enum.clone()|Throws CloneNotSupportedException.
|java.lang.Enum.compareTo(E)|Compares this enum with the specified object for o
|java.lang.Enum.equals(Object)|Returns true if the specified object is equal to
|java.lang.Enum.getDeclaringClass()|Returns the Class object corresponding to t
|java.lang.Enum.hashCode()|Returns a hash code for this enum constant.
|java.lang.Enum.name()|Returns the name of this enum constant, exactly as decla
|java.lang.Enum.ordinal()|Returns the ordinal of this enumeration constant (its
|java.lang.Enum.toString()|Returns the name of this enum constant, as contained
|java.lang.Enum.valueOf(Class,String)|Returns the enum constant of the specifie

*java.lang.Enum_Description*

This is the common base class of all Java language enumeration types. 


*java.lang.Enum(String,int)*

protected Enum(
  java.lang.String name,
  int ordinal)

Sole constructor. Programmers cannot invoke this constructor. It is for use by 
code emitted by the compiler in response to enum type declarations. 

    name - - The name of this enum constant, which is the identifier used to declare it. 
    ordinal - - The ordinal of this enumeration constant (its position in the enum 
       declaration, where the initial constant is assigned an ordinal of zero). 

*java.lang.Enum.clone()*

protected final |java.lang.Object| clone()
  throws |java.lang.CloneNotSupportedException|
         
Throws CloneNotSupportedException. This guarantees that enums are never cloned, 
which is necessary to preserve their "singleton" status. 


    Returns: (never returns) 
*java.lang.Enum.compareTo(E)*

public final int compareTo(java.lang.Enum o)

Compares this enum with the specified object for order. Returns a negative 
integer, zero, or a positive integer as this object is less than, equal to, or 
greater than the specified object. 

Enum constants are only comparable to other enum constants of the same enum 
type. The natural order implemented by this method is the order in which the 
constants are declared. 


*java.lang.Enum.equals(Object)*

public final boolean equals(java.lang.Object other)

Returns true if the specified object is equal to this enum constant. 

    other - the object to be compared for equality with this object. 

    Returns: true if the specified object is equal to this enum constant. 
*java.lang.Enum.getDeclaringClass()*

public final |java.lang.Class| getDeclaringClass()

Returns the Class object corresponding to this enum constant's enum type. Two 
enum constants e1 and e2 are of the same enum type if and only if 
e1.getDeclaringClass() == e2.getDeclaringClass(). (The value returned by this 
method may differ from the one returned by the (|java.lang.Object|) method for 
enum constants with constant-specific class bodies.) 


    Returns: the Class object corresponding to this enum constant's enum type 
*java.lang.Enum.hashCode()*

public final int hashCode()

Returns a hash code for this enum constant. 


    Returns: a hash code for this enum constant. 
*java.lang.Enum.name()*

public final |java.lang.String| name()

Returns the name of this enum constant, exactly as declared in its enum 
declaration. 

Most programmers should use the (|java.lang.Enum|) method in preference to this 
one, as the toString method may return a more user-friendly name. This method 
is designed primarily for use in specialized situations where correctness 
depends on getting the exact name, which will not vary from release to release. 


    Returns: the name of this enum constant 
*java.lang.Enum.ordinal()*

public final int ordinal()

Returns the ordinal of this enumeration constant (its position in its enum 
declaration, where the initial constant is assigned an ordinal of zero). 

Most programmers will have no use for this method. It is designed for use by 
sophisticated enum-based data structures, such as (|java.util.EnumSet|) and 
(|java.util.EnumMap|) . 


    Returns: the ordinal of this enumeration constant 
*java.lang.Enum.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns the name of this enum constant, as contained in the declaration. This 
method may be overridden, though it typically isn't necessary or desirable. An 
enum type should override this method when a more "programmer-friendly" string 
form exists. 


    Returns: the name of this enum constant 
*java.lang.Enum.valueOf(Class,String)*

public static |java.lang.Enum| valueOf(
  java.lang.Class enumType,
  java.lang.String name)

Returns the enum constant of the specified enum type with the specified name. 
The name must match exactly an identifier used to declare an enum constant in 
this type. (Extraneous whitespace characters are not permitted.) 

    enumType - the Class object of the enum type from which to return a constant 
    name - the name of the constant to return 

    Returns: the enum constant of the specified enum type with the specified name 

