*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsSupported* *JobMediaSheetsSupported* 

public final class JobMediaSheetsSupported
  extends    |javax.print.attribute.SetOfIntegerSyntax|
  implements |javax.print.attribute.SupportedValuesAttribute|

|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsSupported_Description|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsSupported_Fields|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsSupported_Constructors|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsSupported_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsSupported_Constructors*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsSupported(int,int)|Construct a ne

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsSupported_Methods*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsSupported.equals(Object)|Returns 
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsSupported.getCategory()|Get the p
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsSupported.getName()|Get the name 

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsSupported_Description*

Class JobMediaSheetsSupported is a printing attribute class, a set of integers, 
that gives the supported values for a 
JobMediaSheets(|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheets|) attribute. It 
is restricted to a single contiguous range of integers; multiple 
non-overlapping ranges are not allowed. This gives the lower and upper bounds 
of the total sizes of print jobs in number of media sheets that the printer 
will accept. 

IPP Compatibility: The JobMediaSheetsSupported attribute's canonical array form 
gives the lower and upper bound for the range of values to be included in an 
IPP "job-media-sheets-supported" attribute. See class 
SetOfIntegerSyntax(|javax.print.attribute.SetOfIntegerSyntax|) for an 
explanation of canonical array form. The category name returned by getName() 
gives the IPP attribute name. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsSupported(int,int)*

public JobMediaSheetsSupported(
  int lowerBound,
  int upperBound)

Construct a new job media sheets supported attribute containing a single range 
of integers. That is, only those values of JobMediaSheets in the one range are 
supported. 

    lowerBound - Lower bound of the range. 
    upperBound - Upper bound of the range. 

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsSupported.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object object)

Returns whether this job media sheets supported attribute is equivalent to the 
passed in object. To be equivalent, all of the following conditions must be 
true: 

object is not null. 

object is an instance of class JobMediaSheetsSupported. 

This job media sheets supported attribute's members and object's members are 
the same. 

    object - Object to compare to. 

    Returns: True if object is equivalent to this job media sheets supported attribute, 
             false otherwise. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsSupported.getCategory()*

public final |java.lang.Class| getCategory()

Get the printing attribute class which is to be used as the "category" for this 
printing attribute value. 

For class JobMediaSheetsSupported, the category is class 
JobMediaSheetsSupported itself. 


    Returns: Printing attribute class (category), an instance of class {@link 
             java.lang.Class java.lang.Class}. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsSupported.getName()*

public final |java.lang.String| getName()

Get the name of the category of which this attribute value is an instance. 

For class JobMediaSheetsSupported, the category name is 
"job-media-sheets-supported". 


    Returns: Attribute category name. 

