*java.awt.AWTEvent* *AWTEvent* The root event class for all AWT events.

public abstract class AWTEvent
  extends    |java.util.EventObject|

|java.awt.AWTEvent_Description|
|java.awt.AWTEvent_Fields|
|java.awt.AWTEvent_Constructors|
|java.awt.AWTEvent_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.awt.AWTEvent_Fields*
|long_java.awt.AWTEvent.ACTION_EVENT_MASK|
|long_java.awt.AWTEvent.ADJUSTMENT_EVENT_MASK|
|long_java.awt.AWTEvent.COMPONENT_EVENT_MASK|
|boolean_java.awt.AWTEvent.consumed|
|long_java.awt.AWTEvent.CONTAINER_EVENT_MASK|
|long_java.awt.AWTEvent.FOCUS_EVENT_MASK|
|long_java.awt.AWTEvent.HIERARCHY_BOUNDS_EVENT_MASK|
|long_java.awt.AWTEvent.HIERARCHY_EVENT_MASK|
|int_java.awt.AWTEvent.id|
|long_java.awt.AWTEvent.INPUT_METHOD_EVENT_MASK|
|long_java.awt.AWTEvent.INVOCATION_EVENT_MASK|
|long_java.awt.AWTEvent.ITEM_EVENT_MASK|
|long_java.awt.AWTEvent.KEY_EVENT_MASK|
|long_java.awt.AWTEvent.MOUSE_EVENT_MASK|
|long_java.awt.AWTEvent.MOUSE_MOTION_EVENT_MASK|
|long_java.awt.AWTEvent.MOUSE_WHEEL_EVENT_MASK|
|long_java.awt.AWTEvent.PAINT_EVENT_MASK|
|int_java.awt.AWTEvent.RESERVED_ID_MAX|
|long_java.awt.AWTEvent.TEXT_EVENT_MASK|
|long_java.awt.AWTEvent.WINDOW_EVENT_MASK|
|long_java.awt.AWTEvent.WINDOW_FOCUS_EVENT_MASK|
|long_java.awt.AWTEvent.WINDOW_STATE_EVENT_MASK|

*java.awt.AWTEvent_Constructors*
|java.awt.AWTEvent(Event)|Constructs an AWTEvent object from the parameters of 
|java.awt.AWTEvent(Object,int)|Constructs an AWTEvent object with the specified

*java.awt.AWTEvent_Methods*
|java.awt.AWTEvent.consume()|Consumes this event, if this event can be consumed
|java.awt.AWTEvent.getID()|Returns the event type.
|java.awt.AWTEvent.isConsumed()|Returns whether this event has been consumed.
|java.awt.AWTEvent.paramString()|Returns a string representing the state of thi
|java.awt.AWTEvent.setSource(Object)|Retargets an event to a new source.
|java.awt.AWTEvent.toString()|Returns a String representation of this object.

*java.awt.AWTEvent_Description*

The root event class for all AWT events. This class and its subclasses 
supercede the original java.awt.Event class. Subclasses of this root AWTEvent 
class defined outside of the java.awt.event package should define event ID 
values greater than the value defined by RESERVED_ID_MAX. 

The event masks defined in this class are needed by Component subclasses which 
are using Component.enableEvents() to select for event types not selected by 
registered listeners. If a listener is registered on a component, the 
appropriate event mask is already set internally by the component. 

The masks are also used to specify to which types of events an AWTEventListener 
should listen. The masks are bitwise-ORed together and passed to 
Toolkit.addAWTEventListener. 


*long_java.awt.AWTEvent.ACTION_EVENT_MASK*

The root event class for all AWT events. This class and its subclasses 
supercede the original java.awt.Event class. Subclasses of this root AWTEvent 
class defined outside of the java.awt.event package should define event ID 
values greater than the value defined by RESERVED_ID_MAX. 

The event masks defined in this class are needed by Component subclasses which 
are using Component.enableEvents() to select for event types not selected by 
registered listeners. If a listener is registered on a component, the 
appropriate event mask is already set internally by the component. 

The masks are also used to specify to which types of events an AWTEventListener 
should listen. The masks are bitwise-ORed together and passed to 
Toolkit.addAWTEventListener. 


*long_java.awt.AWTEvent.ADJUSTMENT_EVENT_MASK*

The root event class for all AWT events. This class and its subclasses 
supercede the original java.awt.Event class. Subclasses of this root AWTEvent 
class defined outside of the java.awt.event package should define event ID 
values greater than the value defined by RESERVED_ID_MAX. 

The event masks defined in this class are needed by Component subclasses which 
are using Component.enableEvents() to select for event types not selected by 
registered listeners. If a listener is registered on a component, the 
appropriate event mask is already set internally by the component. 

The masks are also used to specify to which types of events an AWTEventListener 
should listen. The masks are bitwise-ORed together and passed to 
Toolkit.addAWTEventListener. 


*long_java.awt.AWTEvent.COMPONENT_EVENT_MASK*

The root event class for all AWT events. This class and its subclasses 
supercede the original java.awt.Event class. Subclasses of this root AWTEvent 
class defined outside of the java.awt.event package should define event ID 
values greater than the value defined by RESERVED_ID_MAX. 

The event masks defined in this class are needed by Component subclasses which 
are using Component.enableEvents() to select for event types not selected by 
registered listeners. If a listener is registered on a component, the 
appropriate event mask is already set internally by the component. 

The masks are also used to specify to which types of events an AWTEventListener 
should listen. The masks are bitwise-ORed together and passed to 
Toolkit.addAWTEventListener. 


*boolean_java.awt.AWTEvent.consumed*

The root event class for all AWT events. This class and its subclasses 
supercede the original java.awt.Event class. Subclasses of this root AWTEvent 
class defined outside of the java.awt.event package should define event ID 
values greater than the value defined by RESERVED_ID_MAX. 

The event masks defined in this class are needed by Component subclasses which 
are using Component.enableEvents() to select for event types not selected by 
registered listeners. If a listener is registered on a component, the 
appropriate event mask is already set internally by the component. 

The masks are also used to specify to which types of events an AWTEventListener 
should listen. The masks are bitwise-ORed together and passed to 
Toolkit.addAWTEventListener. 


*long_java.awt.AWTEvent.CONTAINER_EVENT_MASK*

The root event class for all AWT events. This class and its subclasses 
supercede the original java.awt.Event class. Subclasses of this root AWTEvent 
class defined outside of the java.awt.event package should define event ID 
values greater than the value defined by RESERVED_ID_MAX. 

The event masks defined in this class are needed by Component subclasses which 
are using Component.enableEvents() to select for event types not selected by 
registered listeners. If a listener is registered on a component, the 
appropriate event mask is already set internally by the component. 

The masks are also used to specify to which types of events an AWTEventListener 
should listen. The masks are bitwise-ORed together and passed to 
Toolkit.addAWTEventListener. 


*long_java.awt.AWTEvent.FOCUS_EVENT_MASK*

The root event class for all AWT events. This class and its subclasses 
supercede the original java.awt.Event class. Subclasses of this root AWTEvent 
class defined outside of the java.awt.event package should define event ID 
values greater than the value defined by RESERVED_ID_MAX. 

The event masks defined in this class are needed by Component subclasses which 
are using Component.enableEvents() to select for event types not selected by 
registered listeners. If a listener is registered on a component, the 
appropriate event mask is already set internally by the component. 

The masks are also used to specify to which types of events an AWTEventListener 
should listen. The masks are bitwise-ORed together and passed to 
Toolkit.addAWTEventListener. 


*long_java.awt.AWTEvent.HIERARCHY_BOUNDS_EVENT_MASK*

The root event class for all AWT events. This class and its subclasses 
supercede the original java.awt.Event class. Subclasses of this root AWTEvent 
class defined outside of the java.awt.event package should define event ID 
values greater than the value defined by RESERVED_ID_MAX. 

The event masks defined in this class are needed by Component subclasses which 
are using Component.enableEvents() to select for event types not selected by 
registered listeners. If a listener is registered on a component, the 
appropriate event mask is already set internally by the component. 

The masks are also used to specify to which types of events an AWTEventListener 
should listen. The masks are bitwise-ORed together and passed to 
Toolkit.addAWTEventListener. 


*long_java.awt.AWTEvent.HIERARCHY_EVENT_MASK*

The root event class for all AWT events. This class and its subclasses 
supercede the original java.awt.Event class. Subclasses of this root AWTEvent 
class defined outside of the java.awt.event package should define event ID 
values greater than the value defined by RESERVED_ID_MAX. 

The event masks defined in this class are needed by Component subclasses which 
are using Component.enableEvents() to select for event types not selected by 
registered listeners. If a listener is registered on a component, the 
appropriate event mask is already set internally by the component. 

The masks are also used to specify to which types of events an AWTEventListener 
should listen. The masks are bitwise-ORed together and passed to 
Toolkit.addAWTEventListener. 


*int_java.awt.AWTEvent.id*

The root event class for all AWT events. This class and its subclasses 
supercede the original java.awt.Event class. Subclasses of this root AWTEvent 
class defined outside of the java.awt.event package should define event ID 
values greater than the value defined by RESERVED_ID_MAX. 

The event masks defined in this class are needed by Component subclasses which 
are using Component.enableEvents() to select for event types not selected by 
registered listeners. If a listener is registered on a component, the 
appropriate event mask is already set internally by the component. 

The masks are also used to specify to which types of events an AWTEventListener 
should listen. The masks are bitwise-ORed together and passed to 
Toolkit.addAWTEventListener. 


*long_java.awt.AWTEvent.INPUT_METHOD_EVENT_MASK*

The root event class for all AWT events. This class and its subclasses 
supercede the original java.awt.Event class. Subclasses of this root AWTEvent 
class defined outside of the java.awt.event package should define event ID 
values greater than the value defined by RESERVED_ID_MAX. 

The event masks defined in this class are needed by Component subclasses which 
are using Component.enableEvents() to select for event types not selected by 
registered listeners. If a listener is registered on a component, the 
appropriate event mask is already set internally by the component. 

The masks are also used to specify to which types of events an AWTEventListener 
should listen. The masks are bitwise-ORed together and passed to 
Toolkit.addAWTEventListener. 


*long_java.awt.AWTEvent.INVOCATION_EVENT_MASK*

The root event class for all AWT events. This class and its subclasses 
supercede the original java.awt.Event class. Subclasses of this root AWTEvent 
class defined outside of the java.awt.event package should define event ID 
values greater than the value defined by RESERVED_ID_MAX. 

The event masks defined in this class are needed by Component subclasses which 
are using Component.enableEvents() to select for event types not selected by 
registered listeners. If a listener is registered on a component, the 
appropriate event mask is already set internally by the component. 

The masks are also used to specify to which types of events an AWTEventListener 
should listen. The masks are bitwise-ORed together and passed to 
Toolkit.addAWTEventListener. 


*long_java.awt.AWTEvent.ITEM_EVENT_MASK*

The root event class for all AWT events. This class and its subclasses 
supercede the original java.awt.Event class. Subclasses of this root AWTEvent 
class defined outside of the java.awt.event package should define event ID 
values greater than the value defined by RESERVED_ID_MAX. 

The event masks defined in this class are needed by Component subclasses which 
are using Component.enableEvents() to select for event types not selected by 
registered listeners. If a listener is registered on a component, the 
appropriate event mask is already set internally by the component. 

The masks are also used to specify to which types of events an AWTEventListener 
should listen. The masks are bitwise-ORed together and passed to 
Toolkit.addAWTEventListener. 


*long_java.awt.AWTEvent.KEY_EVENT_MASK*

The root event class for all AWT events. This class and its subclasses 
supercede the original java.awt.Event class. Subclasses of this root AWTEvent 
class defined outside of the java.awt.event package should define event ID 
values greater than the value defined by RESERVED_ID_MAX. 

The event masks defined in this class are needed by Component subclasses which 
are using Component.enableEvents() to select for event types not selected by 
registered listeners. If a listener is registered on a component, the 
appropriate event mask is already set internally by the component. 

The masks are also used to specify to which types of events an AWTEventListener 
should listen. The masks are bitwise-ORed together and passed to 
Toolkit.addAWTEventListener. 


*long_java.awt.AWTEvent.MOUSE_EVENT_MASK*

The root event class for all AWT events. This class and its subclasses 
supercede the original java.awt.Event class. Subclasses of this root AWTEvent 
class defined outside of the java.awt.event package should define event ID 
values greater than the value defined by RESERVED_ID_MAX. 

The event masks defined in this class are needed by Component subclasses which 
are using Component.enableEvents() to select for event types not selected by 
registered listeners. If a listener is registered on a component, the 
appropriate event mask is already set internally by the component. 

The masks are also used to specify to which types of events an AWTEventListener 
should listen. The masks are bitwise-ORed together and passed to 
Toolkit.addAWTEventListener. 


*long_java.awt.AWTEvent.MOUSE_MOTION_EVENT_MASK*

The root event class for all AWT events. This class and its subclasses 
supercede the original java.awt.Event class. Subclasses of this root AWTEvent 
class defined outside of the java.awt.event package should define event ID 
values greater than the value defined by RESERVED_ID_MAX. 

The event masks defined in this class are needed by Component subclasses which 
are using Component.enableEvents() to select for event types not selected by 
registered listeners. If a listener is registered on a component, the 
appropriate event mask is already set internally by the component. 

The masks are also used to specify to which types of events an AWTEventListener 
should listen. The masks are bitwise-ORed together and passed to 
Toolkit.addAWTEventListener. 


*long_java.awt.AWTEvent.MOUSE_WHEEL_EVENT_MASK*

The root event class for all AWT events. This class and its subclasses 
supercede the original java.awt.Event class. Subclasses of this root AWTEvent 
class defined outside of the java.awt.event package should define event ID 
values greater than the value defined by RESERVED_ID_MAX. 

The event masks defined in this class are needed by Component subclasses which 
are using Component.enableEvents() to select for event types not selected by 
registered listeners. If a listener is registered on a component, the 
appropriate event mask is already set internally by the component. 

The masks are also used to specify to which types of events an AWTEventListener 
should listen. The masks are bitwise-ORed together and passed to 
Toolkit.addAWTEventListener. 


*long_java.awt.AWTEvent.PAINT_EVENT_MASK*

The root event class for all AWT events. This class and its subclasses 
supercede the original java.awt.Event class. Subclasses of this root AWTEvent 
class defined outside of the java.awt.event package should define event ID 
values greater than the value defined by RESERVED_ID_MAX. 

The event masks defined in this class are needed by Component subclasses which 
are using Component.enableEvents() to select for event types not selected by 
registered listeners. If a listener is registered on a component, the 
appropriate event mask is already set internally by the component. 

The masks are also used to specify to which types of events an AWTEventListener 
should listen. The masks are bitwise-ORed together and passed to 
Toolkit.addAWTEventListener. 


*int_java.awt.AWTEvent.RESERVED_ID_MAX*

The root event class for all AWT events. This class and its subclasses 
supercede the original java.awt.Event class. Subclasses of this root AWTEvent 
class defined outside of the java.awt.event package should define event ID 
values greater than the value defined by RESERVED_ID_MAX. 

The event masks defined in this class are needed by Component subclasses which 
are using Component.enableEvents() to select for event types not selected by 
registered listeners. If a listener is registered on a component, the 
appropriate event mask is already set internally by the component. 

The masks are also used to specify to which types of events an AWTEventListener 
should listen. The masks are bitwise-ORed together and passed to 
Toolkit.addAWTEventListener. 


*long_java.awt.AWTEvent.TEXT_EVENT_MASK*

The root event class for all AWT events. This class and its subclasses 
supercede the original java.awt.Event class. Subclasses of this root AWTEvent 
class defined outside of the java.awt.event package should define event ID 
values greater than the value defined by RESERVED_ID_MAX. 

The event masks defined in this class are needed by Component subclasses which 
are using Component.enableEvents() to select for event types not selected by 
registered listeners. If a listener is registered on a component, the 
appropriate event mask is already set internally by the component. 

The masks are also used to specify to which types of events an AWTEventListener 
should listen. The masks are bitwise-ORed together and passed to 
Toolkit.addAWTEventListener. 


*long_java.awt.AWTEvent.WINDOW_EVENT_MASK*

The root event class for all AWT events. This class and its subclasses 
supercede the original java.awt.Event class. Subclasses of this root AWTEvent 
class defined outside of the java.awt.event package should define event ID 
values greater than the value defined by RESERVED_ID_MAX. 

The event masks defined in this class are needed by Component subclasses which 
are using Component.enableEvents() to select for event types not selected by 
registered listeners. If a listener is registered on a component, the 
appropriate event mask is already set internally by the component. 

The masks are also used to specify to which types of events an AWTEventListener 
should listen. The masks are bitwise-ORed together and passed to 
Toolkit.addAWTEventListener. 


*long_java.awt.AWTEvent.WINDOW_FOCUS_EVENT_MASK*

The root event class for all AWT events. This class and its subclasses 
supercede the original java.awt.Event class. Subclasses of this root AWTEvent 
class defined outside of the java.awt.event package should define event ID 
values greater than the value defined by RESERVED_ID_MAX. 

The event masks defined in this class are needed by Component subclasses which 
are using Component.enableEvents() to select for event types not selected by 
registered listeners. If a listener is registered on a component, the 
appropriate event mask is already set internally by the component. 

The masks are also used to specify to which types of events an AWTEventListener 
should listen. The masks are bitwise-ORed together and passed to 
Toolkit.addAWTEventListener. 


*long_java.awt.AWTEvent.WINDOW_STATE_EVENT_MASK*

The root event class for all AWT events. This class and its subclasses 
supercede the original java.awt.Event class. Subclasses of this root AWTEvent 
class defined outside of the java.awt.event package should define event ID 
values greater than the value defined by RESERVED_ID_MAX. 

The event masks defined in this class are needed by Component subclasses which 
are using Component.enableEvents() to select for event types not selected by 
registered listeners. If a listener is registered on a component, the 
appropriate event mask is already set internally by the component. 

The masks are also used to specify to which types of events an AWTEventListener 
should listen. The masks are bitwise-ORed together and passed to 
Toolkit.addAWTEventListener. 



*java.awt.AWTEvent(Event)*

public AWTEvent(java.awt.Event event)

Constructs an AWTEvent object from the parameters of a 1.0-style event. 

    event - the old-style event 

*java.awt.AWTEvent(Object,int)*

public AWTEvent(
  java.lang.Object source,
  int id)

Constructs an AWTEvent object with the specified source object and type. 

    source - the object where the event originated 

*java.awt.AWTEvent.consume()*

protected void consume()

Consumes this event, if this event can be consumed. Only low-level, system 
events can be consumed 


*java.awt.AWTEvent.getID()*

public int getID()

Returns the event type. 


*java.awt.AWTEvent.isConsumed()*

protected boolean isConsumed()

Returns whether this event has been consumed. 


*java.awt.AWTEvent.paramString()*

public |java.lang.String| paramString()

Returns a string representing the state of this Event. This method is intended 
to be used only for debugging purposes, and the content and format of the 
returned string may vary between implementations. The returned string may be 
empty but may not be null. 


    Returns: a string representation of this event 
*java.awt.AWTEvent.setSource(Object)*

public void setSource(java.lang.Object newSource)

Retargets an event to a new source. This method is typically used to retarget 
an event to a lightweight child Component of the original heavyweight source. 

This method is intended to be used only by event targeting subsystems, such as 
client-defined KeyboardFocusManagers. It is not for general client use. 

    newSource - the new Object to which the event should be dispatched 

*java.awt.AWTEvent.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a String representation of this object. 



