*java.awt.im.InputSubset* *InputSubset* Defines additional Unicode subsets for u

public final class InputSubset
  extends    |java.lang.Character.Subset|

|java.awt.im.InputSubset_Description|
|java.awt.im.InputSubset_Fields|
|java.awt.im.InputSubset_Constructors|
|java.awt.im.InputSubset_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.awt.im.InputSubset_Fields*
|java.awt.im.InputSubset_java.awt.im.InputSubset.FULLWIDTH_DIGITS|
|java.awt.im.InputSubset_java.awt.im.InputSubset.FULLWIDTH_LATIN|
|java.awt.im.InputSubset_java.awt.im.InputSubset.HALFWIDTH_KATAKANA|
|java.awt.im.InputSubset_java.awt.im.InputSubset.HANJA|
|java.awt.im.InputSubset_java.awt.im.InputSubset.KANJI|
|java.awt.im.InputSubset_java.awt.im.InputSubset.LATIN|
|java.awt.im.InputSubset_java.awt.im.InputSubset.LATIN_DIGITS|
|java.awt.im.InputSubset_java.awt.im.InputSubset.SIMPLIFIED_HANZI|
|java.awt.im.InputSubset_java.awt.im.InputSubset.TRADITIONAL_HANZI|

*java.awt.im.InputSubset_Description*

Defines additional Unicode subsets for use by input methods. Unlike the 
UnicodeBlock subsets defined in the (|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock|) class, 
these constants do not directly correspond to Unicode code blocks. 


*java.awt.im.InputSubset_java.awt.im.InputSubset.FULLWIDTH_DIGITS*

Defines additional Unicode subsets for use by input methods. Unlike the 
UnicodeBlock subsets defined in the (|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock|) class, 
these constants do not directly correspond to Unicode code blocks. 


*java.awt.im.InputSubset_java.awt.im.InputSubset.FULLWIDTH_LATIN*

Defines additional Unicode subsets for use by input methods. Unlike the 
UnicodeBlock subsets defined in the (|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock|) class, 
these constants do not directly correspond to Unicode code blocks. 


*java.awt.im.InputSubset_java.awt.im.InputSubset.HALFWIDTH_KATAKANA*

Defines additional Unicode subsets for use by input methods. Unlike the 
UnicodeBlock subsets defined in the (|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock|) class, 
these constants do not directly correspond to Unicode code blocks. 


*java.awt.im.InputSubset_java.awt.im.InputSubset.HANJA*

Defines additional Unicode subsets for use by input methods. Unlike the 
UnicodeBlock subsets defined in the (|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock|) class, 
these constants do not directly correspond to Unicode code blocks. 


*java.awt.im.InputSubset_java.awt.im.InputSubset.KANJI*

Defines additional Unicode subsets for use by input methods. Unlike the 
UnicodeBlock subsets defined in the (|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock|) class, 
these constants do not directly correspond to Unicode code blocks. 


*java.awt.im.InputSubset_java.awt.im.InputSubset.LATIN*

Defines additional Unicode subsets for use by input methods. Unlike the 
UnicodeBlock subsets defined in the (|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock|) class, 
these constants do not directly correspond to Unicode code blocks. 


*java.awt.im.InputSubset_java.awt.im.InputSubset.LATIN_DIGITS*

Defines additional Unicode subsets for use by input methods. Unlike the 
UnicodeBlock subsets defined in the (|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock|) class, 
these constants do not directly correspond to Unicode code blocks. 


*java.awt.im.InputSubset_java.awt.im.InputSubset.SIMPLIFIED_HANZI*

Defines additional Unicode subsets for use by input methods. Unlike the 
UnicodeBlock subsets defined in the (|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock|) class, 
these constants do not directly correspond to Unicode code blocks. 


*java.awt.im.InputSubset_java.awt.im.InputSubset.TRADITIONAL_HANZI*

Defines additional Unicode subsets for use by input methods. Unlike the 
UnicodeBlock subsets defined in the (|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock|) class, 
these constants do not directly correspond to Unicode code blocks. 



