*javax.print.ServiceUI* *ServiceUI* This class is a collection of UI convenience

public class ServiceUI
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|javax.print.ServiceUI_Description|
|javax.print.ServiceUI_Fields|
|javax.print.ServiceUI_Constructors|
|javax.print.ServiceUI_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.print.ServiceUI_Constructors*
|javax.print.ServiceUI()|

*javax.print.ServiceUI_Methods*
|javax.print.ServiceUI.printDialog(GraphicsConfiguration,int,int,PrintService[],PrintService,DocFlavor,PrintRequestAttributeSet)|

*javax.print.ServiceUI_Description*

This class is a collection of UI convenience methods which provide a graphical 
user dialog for browsing print services looked up through the Java Print 
Service API. 

The dialogs follow a standard pattern of acting as a continue/cancel option for 
a user as well as allowing the user to select the print service to use and 
specify choices such as paper size and number of copies. 

The dialogs are designed to work with pluggable print services though the 
public APIs of those print services. 

If a print service provides any vendor extensions these may be made accessible 
to the user through a vendor supplied tab panel Component. Such a vendor 
extension is encouraged to use Swing! and to support its accessibility APIs. 
The vendor extensions should return the settings as part of the AttributeSet. 
Applications which want to preserve the user settings should use those settings 
to specify the print job. Note that this class is not referenced by any other 
part of the Java Print Service and may not be included in profiles which cannot 
depend on the presence of the AWT packages. 


*javax.print.ServiceUI()*

public ServiceUI()




*javax.print.ServiceUI.printDialog(GraphicsConfiguration,int,int,PrintService[],PrintService,DocFlavor,PrintRequestAttributeSet)*

public static |javax.print.PrintService| printDialog(
  java.awt.GraphicsConfiguration gc,
  int x,
  int y,
  javax.print.PrintService[] services,
  javax.print.PrintService defaultService,
  javax.print.DocFlavor flavor,
  javax.print.attribute.PrintRequestAttributeSet attributes)
  throws |java.awt.HeadlessException|
         
Presents a dialog to the user for selecting a print service (printer). It is 
displayed at the location specified by the application and is modal. If the 
specification is invalid or would make the dialog not visible it will be 
displayed at a location determined by the implementation. The dialog blocks its 
calling thread and is application modal. 

The dialog may include a tab panel with custom UI lazily obtained from the 
PrintService's ServiceUIFactory when the PrintService is browsed. The dialog 
will attempt to locate a MAIN_UIROLE first as a JComponent, then as a Panel. If 
there is no ServiceUIFactory or no matching role the custom tab will be empty 
or not visible. 

The dialog returns the print service selected by the user if the user OK's the 
dialog and null if the user cancels the dialog. 

An application must pass in an array of print services to browse. The array 
must be non-null and non-empty. Typically an application will pass in only 
PrintServices capable of printing a particular document flavor. 

An application may pass in a PrintService to be initially displayed. A non-null 
parameter must be included in the array of browsable services. If this 
parameter is null a service is chosen by the implementation. 

An application may optionally pass in the flavor to be printed. If this is 
non-null choices presented to the user can be better validated against those 
supported by the services. An application must pass in a 
PrintRequestAttributeSet for returning user choices. On calling the 
PrintRequestAttributeSet may be empty, or may contain application-specified 
values. 

These are used to set the initial settings for the initially displayed print 
service. Values which are not supported by the print service are ignored. As 
the user browses print services, attributes and values are copied to the new 
display. If a user browses a print service which does not support a particular 
attribute-value, the default for that service is used as the new value to be 
copied. 

If the user cancels the dialog, the returned attributes will not reflect any 
changes made by the user. 

A typical basic usage of this method may be : 

PrintService[] services = PrintServiceLookup.lookupPrintServices( 
DocFlavor.INPUT_STREAM.JPEG, null); PrintRequestAttributeSet attributes = new 
HashPrintRequestAttributeSet(); if (services.length > 0) { PrintService service 
= ServiceUI.printDialog(null, 50, 50, services, services[0], null, attributes); 
if (service != null) { ... print ... } } 



    gc - used to select screen. null means primary or default screen. 
    x - location of dialog including border in screen coordinates 
    y - location of dialog including border in screen coordinates 
    services - to be browsable, must be non-null. 
    defaultService - - initial PrintService to display. 
    flavor - - the flavor to be printed, or null. 
    attributes - on input is the initial application supplied preferences. This cannot be null 
       but may be empty. On output the attributes reflect changes made by the 
       user. 

    Returns: print service selected by the user, or null if the user cancelled the dialog. 

