*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants* *StyleConstants* 
 A collection of well known 

public class StyleConstants
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants_Description|
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants_Fields|
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants_Constructors|
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants_Fields*
|int_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.ALIGN_CENTER|
|int_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.ALIGN_JUSTIFIED|
|int_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.ALIGN_LEFT|
|int_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.ALIGN_RIGHT|
|java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.Alignment|
|java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.Background|
|java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.BidiLevel|
|java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.Bold|
|java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.ComponentAttribute|
|java.lang.String_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.ComponentElementName|
|java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.ComposedTextAttribute|
|java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.Family|
|java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.FirstLineIndent|
|java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.FontFamily|
|java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.FontSize|
|java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.Foreground|
|java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.IconAttribute|
|java.lang.String_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.IconElementName|
|java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.Italic|
|java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.LeftIndent|
|java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.LineSpacing|
|java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.ModelAttribute|
|java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.NameAttribute|
|java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.Orientation|
|java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.ResolveAttribute|
|java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.RightIndent|
|java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.Size|
|java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.SpaceAbove|
|java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.SpaceBelow|
|java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.StrikeThrough|
|java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.Subscript|
|java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.Superscript|
|java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.TabSet|
|java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.Underline|

*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants_Methods*
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.getAlignment(AttributeSet)|Gets the alignment 
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.getBackground(AttributeSet)|Gets the backgroun
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.getBidiLevel(AttributeSet)|Gets the BidiLevel 
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.getComponent(AttributeSet)|Gets the component 
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.getFirstLineIndent(AttributeSet)|Gets the firs
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.getFontFamily(AttributeSet)|Gets the font fami
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.getFontSize(AttributeSet)|Gets the font size s
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.getForeground(AttributeSet)|Gets the foregroun
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.getIcon(AttributeSet)|Gets the icon setting fr
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.getLeftIndent(AttributeSet)|Gets the left inde
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.getLineSpacing(AttributeSet)|Gets the line spa
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.getRightIndent(AttributeSet)|Gets the right in
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.getSpaceAbove(AttributeSet)|Gets the space abo
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.getSpaceBelow(AttributeSet)|Gets the space bel
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.getTabSet(AttributeSet)|Gets the TabSet.
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.isBold(AttributeSet)|Checks whether the bold a
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.isItalic(AttributeSet)|Checks whether the ital
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.isStrikeThrough(AttributeSet)|Checks whether t
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.isSubscript(AttributeSet)|Checks whether the s
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.isSuperscript(AttributeSet)|Checks whether the
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.isUnderline(AttributeSet)|Checks whether the u
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setAlignment(MutableAttributeSet,int)|Sets ali
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setBackground(MutableAttributeSet,Color)|Sets 
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setBidiLevel(MutableAttributeSet,int)|Sets the
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setBold(MutableAttributeSet,boolean)|Sets the 
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setComponent(MutableAttributeSet,Component)|Se
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setFirstLineIndent(MutableAttributeSet,float)|
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setFontFamily(MutableAttributeSet,String)|Sets
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setFontSize(MutableAttributeSet,int)|Sets the 
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setForeground(MutableAttributeSet,Color)|Sets 
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setIcon(MutableAttributeSet,Icon)|Sets the ico
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setItalic(MutableAttributeSet,boolean)|Sets th
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setLeftIndent(MutableAttributeSet,float)|Sets 
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setLineSpacing(MutableAttributeSet,float)|Sets
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setRightIndent(MutableAttributeSet,float)|Sets
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setSpaceAbove(MutableAttributeSet,float)|Sets 
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setSpaceBelow(MutableAttributeSet,float)|Sets 
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setStrikeThrough(MutableAttributeSet,boolean)|
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setSubscript(MutableAttributeSet,boolean)|Sets
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setSuperscript(MutableAttributeSet,boolean)|Se
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setTabSet(MutableAttributeSet,TabSet)|Sets the
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setUnderline(MutableAttributeSet,boolean)|Sets
|javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.toString()|Returns the string representation.

*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants_Description*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*int_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.ALIGN_CENTER*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*int_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.ALIGN_JUSTIFIED*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*int_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.ALIGN_LEFT*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*int_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.ALIGN_RIGHT*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.Alignment*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.Background*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.BidiLevel*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.Bold*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.ComponentAttribute*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*java.lang.String_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.ComponentElementName*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.ComposedTextAttribute*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.Family*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.FirstLineIndent*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.FontFamily*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.FontSize*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.Foreground*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.IconAttribute*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*java.lang.String_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.IconElementName*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.Italic*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.LeftIndent*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.LineSpacing*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.ModelAttribute*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.NameAttribute*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.Orientation*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.ResolveAttribute*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.RightIndent*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.Size*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.SpaceAbove*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.SpaceBelow*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.StrikeThrough*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.Subscript*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.Superscript*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.TabSet*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 




*java.lang.Object_javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.Underline*

A collection of well known or common attribute keys and methods to apply to an 
AttributeSet or MutableAttributeSet to get/set the properties in a typesafe 
manner. 

The paragraph attributes form the definition of a paragraph to be rendered. All 
sizes are specified in points (such as found in postscript), a device 
independent measure. 





*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.getAlignment(AttributeSet)*

public static int getAlignment(javax.swing.text.AttributeSet a)

Gets the alignment setting. 

    a - the attribute set 

    Returns: the value StyleConstants.ALIGN_LEFT if not set 
*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.getBackground(AttributeSet)*

public static |java.awt.Color| getBackground(javax.swing.text.AttributeSet a)

Gets the background color setting from the attribute list. 

    a - the attribute set 

    Returns: the color, Color.black as the default 
*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.getBidiLevel(AttributeSet)*

public static int getBidiLevel(javax.swing.text.AttributeSet a)

Gets the BidiLevel setting. 

    a - the attribute set 

    Returns: 
*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.getComponent(AttributeSet)*

public static |java.awt.Component| getComponent(javax.swing.text.AttributeSet a)

Gets the component setting from the attribute list. 

    a - the attribute set 

    Returns: the component, null if none 
*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.getFirstLineIndent(AttributeSet)*

public static float getFirstLineIndent(javax.swing.text.AttributeSet a)

Gets the first line indent setting. 

    a - the attribute set 

    Returns: the value, 0 if not set 
*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.getFontFamily(AttributeSet)*

public static |java.lang.String| getFontFamily(javax.swing.text.AttributeSet a)

Gets the font family setting from the attribute list. 

    a - the attribute set 

    Returns: the font family, "Monospaced" as the default 
*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.getFontSize(AttributeSet)*

public static int getFontSize(javax.swing.text.AttributeSet a)

Gets the font size setting from the attribute list. 

    a - the attribute set 

    Returns: the font size, 12 as the default 
*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.getForeground(AttributeSet)*

public static |java.awt.Color| getForeground(javax.swing.text.AttributeSet a)

Gets the foreground color setting from the attribute list. 

    a - the attribute set 

    Returns: the color, Color.black as the default 
*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.getIcon(AttributeSet)*

public static |javax.swing.Icon| getIcon(javax.swing.text.AttributeSet a)

Gets the icon setting from the attribute list. 

    a - the attribute set 

    Returns: the icon, null if none 
*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.getLeftIndent(AttributeSet)*

public static float getLeftIndent(javax.swing.text.AttributeSet a)

Gets the left indent setting. 

    a - the attribute set 

    Returns: the value, 0 if not set 
*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.getLineSpacing(AttributeSet)*

public static float getLineSpacing(javax.swing.text.AttributeSet a)

Gets the line spacing setting. 

    a - the attribute set 

    Returns: the value, 0 if not set 
*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.getRightIndent(AttributeSet)*

public static float getRightIndent(javax.swing.text.AttributeSet a)

Gets the right indent setting. 

    a - the attribute set 

    Returns: the value, 0 if not set 
*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.getSpaceAbove(AttributeSet)*

public static float getSpaceAbove(javax.swing.text.AttributeSet a)

Gets the space above setting. 

    a - the attribute set 

    Returns: the value, 0 if not set 
*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.getSpaceBelow(AttributeSet)*

public static float getSpaceBelow(javax.swing.text.AttributeSet a)

Gets the space below setting. 

    a - the attribute set 

    Returns: the value, 0 if not set 
*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.getTabSet(AttributeSet)*

public static |javax.swing.text.TabSet| getTabSet(javax.swing.text.AttributeSet a)

Gets the TabSet. 

    a - the attribute set 

    Returns: 
*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.isBold(AttributeSet)*

public static boolean isBold(javax.swing.text.AttributeSet a)

Checks whether the bold attribute is set. 

    a - the attribute set 

    Returns: true if set else false 
*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.isItalic(AttributeSet)*

public static boolean isItalic(javax.swing.text.AttributeSet a)

Checks whether the italic attribute is set. 

    a - the attribute set 

    Returns: true if set else false 
*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.isStrikeThrough(AttributeSet)*

public static boolean isStrikeThrough(javax.swing.text.AttributeSet a)

Checks whether the strikethrough attribute is set. 

    a - the attribute set 

    Returns: true if set else false 
*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.isSubscript(AttributeSet)*

public static boolean isSubscript(javax.swing.text.AttributeSet a)

Checks whether the subscript attribute is set. 

    a - the attribute set 

    Returns: true if set else false 
*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.isSuperscript(AttributeSet)*

public static boolean isSuperscript(javax.swing.text.AttributeSet a)

Checks whether the superscript attribute is set. 

    a - the attribute set 

    Returns: true if set else false 
*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.isUnderline(AttributeSet)*

public static boolean isUnderline(javax.swing.text.AttributeSet a)

Checks whether the underline attribute is set. 

    a - the attribute set 

    Returns: true if set else false 
*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setAlignment(MutableAttributeSet,int)*

public static void setAlignment(
  javax.swing.text.MutableAttributeSet a,
  int align)

Sets alignment. 

    a - the attribute set 
    align - the alignment value 

*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setBackground(MutableAttributeSet,Color)*

public static void setBackground(
  javax.swing.text.MutableAttributeSet a,
  java.awt.Color fg)

Sets the background color. 

    a - the attribute set 
    fg - the color 

*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setBidiLevel(MutableAttributeSet,int)*

public static void setBidiLevel(
  javax.swing.text.MutableAttributeSet a,
  int o)

Sets the BidiLevel. 

    a - the attribute set 
    o - the bidi level value 

*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setBold(MutableAttributeSet,boolean)*

public static void setBold(
  javax.swing.text.MutableAttributeSet a,
  boolean b)

Sets the bold attribute. 

    a - the attribute set 
    b - specifies true/false for setting the attribute 

*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setComponent(MutableAttributeSet,Component)*

public static void setComponent(
  javax.swing.text.MutableAttributeSet a,
  java.awt.Component c)

Sets the component attribute. 

    a - the attribute set 
    c - the component 

*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setFirstLineIndent(MutableAttributeSet,float)*

public static void setFirstLineIndent(
  javax.swing.text.MutableAttributeSet a,
  float i)

Sets the first line indent. 

    a - the attribute set 
    i - the value 

*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setFontFamily(MutableAttributeSet,String)*

public static void setFontFamily(
  javax.swing.text.MutableAttributeSet a,
  java.lang.String fam)

Sets the font attribute. 

    a - the attribute set 
    fam - the font 

*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setFontSize(MutableAttributeSet,int)*

public static void setFontSize(
  javax.swing.text.MutableAttributeSet a,
  int s)

Sets the font size attribute. 

    a - the attribute set 
    s - the font size 

*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setForeground(MutableAttributeSet,Color)*

public static void setForeground(
  javax.swing.text.MutableAttributeSet a,
  java.awt.Color fg)

Sets the foreground color. 

    a - the attribute set 
    fg - the color 

*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setIcon(MutableAttributeSet,Icon)*

public static void setIcon(
  javax.swing.text.MutableAttributeSet a,
  javax.swing.Icon c)

Sets the icon attribute. 

    a - the attribute set 
    c - the icon 

*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setItalic(MutableAttributeSet,boolean)*

public static void setItalic(
  javax.swing.text.MutableAttributeSet a,
  boolean b)

Sets the italic attribute. 

    a - the attribute set 
    b - specifies true/false for setting the attribute 

*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setLeftIndent(MutableAttributeSet,float)*

public static void setLeftIndent(
  javax.swing.text.MutableAttributeSet a,
  float i)

Sets left indent. 

    a - the attribute set 
    i - the value 

*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setLineSpacing(MutableAttributeSet,float)*

public static void setLineSpacing(
  javax.swing.text.MutableAttributeSet a,
  float i)

Sets line spacing. 

    a - the attribute set 
    i - the value 

*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setRightIndent(MutableAttributeSet,float)*

public static void setRightIndent(
  javax.swing.text.MutableAttributeSet a,
  float i)

Sets right indent. 

    a - the attribute set 
    i - the value 

*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setSpaceAbove(MutableAttributeSet,float)*

public static void setSpaceAbove(
  javax.swing.text.MutableAttributeSet a,
  float i)

Sets space above. 

    a - the attribute set 
    i - the value 

*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setSpaceBelow(MutableAttributeSet,float)*

public static void setSpaceBelow(
  javax.swing.text.MutableAttributeSet a,
  float i)

Sets space below. 

    a - the attribute set 
    i - the value 

*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setStrikeThrough(MutableAttributeSet,boolean)*

public static void setStrikeThrough(
  javax.swing.text.MutableAttributeSet a,
  boolean b)

Sets the strikethrough attribute. 

    a - the attribute set 
    b - specifies true/false for setting the attribute 

*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setSubscript(MutableAttributeSet,boolean)*

public static void setSubscript(
  javax.swing.text.MutableAttributeSet a,
  boolean b)

Sets the subscript attribute. 

    a - the attribute set 
    b - specifies true/false for setting the attribute 

*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setSuperscript(MutableAttributeSet,boolean)*

public static void setSuperscript(
  javax.swing.text.MutableAttributeSet a,
  boolean b)

Sets the superscript attribute. 

    a - the attribute set 
    b - specifies true/false for setting the attribute 

*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setTabSet(MutableAttributeSet,TabSet)*

public static void setTabSet(
  javax.swing.text.MutableAttributeSet a,
  javax.swing.text.TabSet tabs)

Sets the TabSet. 

    a - the attribute set. 
    tabs - the TabSet 

*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.setUnderline(MutableAttributeSet,boolean)*

public static void setUnderline(
  javax.swing.text.MutableAttributeSet a,
  boolean b)

Sets the underline attribute. 

    a - the attribute set 
    b - specifies true/false for setting the attribute 

*javax.swing.text.StyleConstants.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns the string representation. 


    Returns: 

