*javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent* *ListDataEvent* Defines an event that encapsul

public class ListDataEvent
  extends    |java.util.EventObject|

|javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent_Description|
|javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent_Fields|
|javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent_Constructors|
|javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent_Fields*
|int_javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent.CONTENTS_CHANGED|
|int_javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent.INTERVAL_ADDED|
|int_javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent.INTERVAL_REMOVED|

*javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent_Constructors*
|javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent(Object,int,int,int)|Constructs a ListDataEvent

*javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent_Methods*
|javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent.getIndex0()|Returns the lower index of the ran
|javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent.getIndex1()|Returns the upper index of the ran
|javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent.getType()|Returns the event type.
|javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent.toString()|Returns a string representation of 

*javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent_Description*

Defines an event that encapsulates changes to a list. 

Warning: Serialized objects of this class will not be compatible with future 
Swing releases. The current serialization support is appropriate for short term 
storage or RMI between applications running the same version of Swing. As of 
1.4, support for long term storage of all JavaBeansTM has been added to the 
java.beans package. Please see (|java.beans.XMLEncoder|) . 


*int_javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent.CONTENTS_CHANGED*

Defines an event that encapsulates changes to a list. 

Warning: Serialized objects of this class will not be compatible with future 
Swing releases. The current serialization support is appropriate for short term 
storage or RMI between applications running the same version of Swing. As of 
1.4, support for long term storage of all JavaBeansTM has been added to the 
java.beans package. Please see (|java.beans.XMLEncoder|) . 


*int_javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent.INTERVAL_ADDED*

Defines an event that encapsulates changes to a list. 

Warning: Serialized objects of this class will not be compatible with future 
Swing releases. The current serialization support is appropriate for short term 
storage or RMI between applications running the same version of Swing. As of 
1.4, support for long term storage of all JavaBeansTM has been added to the 
java.beans package. Please see (|java.beans.XMLEncoder|) . 


*int_javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent.INTERVAL_REMOVED*

Defines an event that encapsulates changes to a list. 

Warning: Serialized objects of this class will not be compatible with future 
Swing releases. The current serialization support is appropriate for short term 
storage or RMI between applications running the same version of Swing. As of 
1.4, support for long term storage of all JavaBeansTM has been added to the 
java.beans package. Please see (|java.beans.XMLEncoder|) . 



*javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent(Object,int,int,int)*

public ListDataEvent(
  java.lang.Object source,
  int type,
  int index0,
  int index1)

Constructs a ListDataEvent object. If index0 is > index1, index0 and index1 
will be swapped such that index0 will always be <= index1. 

    source - the source Object (typically this) 
    type - an int specifying {@link #CONTENTS_CHANGED}, {@link #INTERVAL_ADDED}, or {@link 
       #INTERVAL_REMOVED} 
    index0 - one end of the new interval 
    index1 - the other end of the new interval 

*javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent.getIndex0()*

public int getIndex0()

Returns the lower index of the range. For a single element, this value is the 
same as that returned by (|javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent|) . 


    Returns: an int representing the lower index value 
*javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent.getIndex1()*

public int getIndex1()

Returns the upper index of the range. For a single element, this value is the 
same as that returned by (|javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent|) . 


    Returns: an int representing the upper index value 
*javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent.getType()*

public int getType()

Returns the event type. The possible values are: 

(|javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent|) (|javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent|) 
(|javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent|) 


    Returns: an int representing the type value 
*javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a string representation of this ListDataEvent. This method is intended 
to be used only for debugging purposes, and the content and format of the 
returned string may vary between implementations. The returned string may be 
empty but may not be null. 


    Returns: a string representation of this ListDataEvent. 

