*java.text.FieldPosition* *FieldPosition* FieldPosition is a simple class used b

public class FieldPosition
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|java.text.FieldPosition_Description|
|java.text.FieldPosition_Fields|
|java.text.FieldPosition_Constructors|
|java.text.FieldPosition_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.text.FieldPosition_Constructors*
|java.text.FieldPosition(Format.Field)|Creates a FieldPosition object for the g
|java.text.FieldPosition(Format.Field,int)|Creates a FieldPosition object for t
|java.text.FieldPosition(int)|Creates a FieldPosition object for the given fiel

*java.text.FieldPosition_Methods*
|java.text.FieldPosition.equals(Object)|Overrides equals
|java.text.FieldPosition.getBeginIndex()|Retrieves the index of the first chara
|java.text.FieldPosition.getEndIndex()|Retrieves the index of the character fol
|java.text.FieldPosition.getField()|Retrieves the field identifier.
|java.text.FieldPosition.getFieldAttribute()|Returns the field identifier as an
|java.text.FieldPosition.hashCode()|Returns a hash code for this FieldPosition.
|java.text.FieldPosition.setBeginIndex(int)|Sets the begin index.
|java.text.FieldPosition.setEndIndex(int)|Sets the end index.
|java.text.FieldPosition.toString()|Return a string representation of this Fiel

*java.text.FieldPosition_Description*

FieldPosition is a simple class used by Format and its subclasses to identify 
fields in formatted output. Fields can be identified in two ways: 

By an integer constant, whose names typically end with _FIELD. The constants 
are defined in the various subclasses of Format. By a Format.Field constant, 
see ERA_FIELD and its friends in DateFormat for an example. 

FieldPosition keeps track of the position of the field within the formatted 
output with two indices: the index of the first character of the field and the 
index of the last character of the field. 

One version of the format method in the various Format classes requires a 
FieldPosition object as an argument. You use this format method to perform 
partial formatting or to get information about the formatted output (such as 
the position of a field). 

If you are interested in the positions of all attributes in the formatted 
string use the Format method formatToCharacterIterator. 


*java.text.FieldPosition(Format.Field)*

public FieldPosition(java.text.Format.Field attribute)

Creates a FieldPosition object for the given field constant. Fields are 
identified by constants defined in the various Format subclasses. This is 
equivalent to calling new FieldPosition(attribute, -1). 

    attribute - Format.Field constant identifying a field 

*java.text.FieldPosition(Format.Field,int)*

public FieldPosition(
  java.text.Format.Field attribute,
  int fieldID)

Creates a FieldPosition object for the given field. The field is identified by 
an attribute constant from one of the Field subclasses as well as an integer 
field ID defined by the Format subclasses. Format subclasses that are aware of 
Field should give precedence to attribute and ignore fieldID if attribute is 
not null. However, older Format subclasses may not be aware of Field and rely 
on fieldID. If the field has no corresponding integer constant, fieldID should 
be -1. 

    attribute - Format.Field constant identifying a field 
    fieldID - integer constantce identifying a field 

*java.text.FieldPosition(int)*

public FieldPosition(int field)

Creates a FieldPosition object for the given field. Fields are identified by 
constants, whose names typically end with _FIELD, in the various subclasses of 
Format. 


*java.text.FieldPosition.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object obj)

Overrides equals 


*java.text.FieldPosition.getBeginIndex()*

public int getBeginIndex()

Retrieves the index of the first character in the requested field. 


*java.text.FieldPosition.getEndIndex()*

public int getEndIndex()

Retrieves the index of the character following the last character in the 
requested field. 


*java.text.FieldPosition.getField()*

public int getField()

Retrieves the field identifier. 


*java.text.FieldPosition.getFieldAttribute()*

public |java.text.Format.Field| getFieldAttribute()

Returns the field identifier as an attribute constant from one of the Field 
subclasses. May return null if the field is specified only by an integer field 
ID. 


    Returns: Identifier for the field 
*java.text.FieldPosition.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()

Returns a hash code for this FieldPosition. 


    Returns: a hash code value for this object 
*java.text.FieldPosition.setBeginIndex(int)*

public void setBeginIndex(int bi)

Sets the begin index. For use by subclasses of Format. 


*java.text.FieldPosition.setEndIndex(int)*

public void setEndIndex(int ei)

Sets the end index. For use by subclasses of Format. 


*java.text.FieldPosition.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Return a string representation of this FieldPosition. 


    Returns: a string representation of this object 

