*javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult* *StreamResult* Acts as an holder for a

public class StreamResult
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |javax.xml.transform.Result|

|javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult_Description|
|javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult_Fields|
|javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult_Constructors|
|javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult_Fields*
|java.lang.String_javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult.FEATURE|

*javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult_Constructors*
|javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult()|Zero-argument default constructor.
|javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult(File)|Construct a StreamResult from a 
|javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult(OutputStream)|Construct a StreamResult
|javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult(String)|Construct a StreamResult from 
|javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult(Writer)|Construct a StreamResult from 

*javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult_Methods*
|javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult.getOutputStream()|Get the byte stream 
|javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult.getSystemId()|Get the system identifie
|javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult.getWriter()|Get the character stream t
|javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult.setOutputStream(OutputStream)|Set the 
|javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult.setSystemId(File)|Set the system ID fr
|javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult.setSystemId(String)|Set the systemID t
|javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult.setWriter(Writer)|Set the writer that 

*javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult_Description*

Acts as an holder for a transformation result, which may be XML, plain Text, 
HTML, or some other form of markup. 


*java.lang.String_javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult.FEATURE*

Acts as an holder for a transformation result, which may be XML, plain Text, 
HTML, or some other form of markup. 



*javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult()*

public StreamResult()

Zero-argument default constructor. 


*javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult(File)*

public StreamResult(java.io.File f)

Construct a StreamResult from a File. 

    f - Must a non-null File reference. 

*javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult(OutputStream)*

public StreamResult(java.io.OutputStream outputStream)

Construct a StreamResult from a byte stream. Normally, a stream should be used 
rather than a reader, so that the transformer may use instructions contained in 
the transformation instructions to control the encoding. 

    outputStream - A valid OutputStream reference. 

*javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult(String)*

public StreamResult(java.lang.String systemId)

Construct a StreamResult from a URL. 

    systemId - Must be a String that conforms to the URI syntax. 

*javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult(Writer)*

public StreamResult(java.io.Writer writer)

Construct a StreamResult from a character stream. Normally, a stream should be 
used rather than a reader, so that the transformer may use instructions 
contained in the transformation instructions to control the encoding. However, 
there are times when it is useful to write to a character stream, such as when 
using a StringWriter. 

    writer - A valid Writer reference. 

*javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult.getOutputStream()*

public |java.io.OutputStream| getOutputStream()

Get the byte stream that was set with setOutputStream. 


    Returns: The byte stream that was set with setOutputStream, or null if setOutputStream 
             or the ByteStream constructor was not called. 
*javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult.getSystemId()*

public |java.lang.String| getSystemId()

Get the system identifier that was set with setSystemId. 


    Returns: The system identifier that was set with setSystemId, or null if setSystemId was 
             not called. 
*javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult.getWriter()*

public |java.io.Writer| getWriter()

Get the character stream that was set with setWriter. 


    Returns: The character stream that was set with setWriter, or null if setWriter or the 
             Writer constructor was not called. 
*javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult.setOutputStream(OutputStream)*

public void setOutputStream(java.io.OutputStream outputStream)

Set the ByteStream that is to be written to. Normally, a stream should be used 
rather than a reader, so that the transformer may use instructions contained in 
the transformation instructions to control the encoding. 

    outputStream - A valid OutputStream reference. 

*javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult.setSystemId(File)*

public void setSystemId(java.io.File f)

Set the system ID from a File reference. 

Note the use of (|java.io.File|) and (|java.io.File|) . toURI() is prefered and 
used if possible. To allow JAXP 1.3 to run on J2SE 1.3, toURL() is used if a 
(|java.lang.NoSuchMethodException|) is thrown by the attempt to use toURI(). 

    f - Must a non-null File reference. 

*javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult.setSystemId(String)*

public void setSystemId(java.lang.String systemId)

Set the systemID that may be used in association with the byte or character 
stream, or, if neither is set, use this value as a writeable URI (probably a 
file name). 

    systemId - The system identifier as a URI string. 

*javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult.setWriter(Writer)*

public void setWriter(java.io.Writer writer)

Set the writer that is to receive the result. Normally, a stream should be used 
rather than a writer, so that the transformer may use instructions contained in 
the transformation instructions to control the encoding. However, there are 
times when it is useful to write to a writer, such as when using a 
StringWriter. 

    writer - A valid Writer reference. 


