*java.awt.color.ColorSpace* *ColorSpace* This abstract class is used to serve as

public abstract class ColorSpace
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |java.io.Serializable|

|java.awt.color.ColorSpace_Description|
|java.awt.color.ColorSpace_Fields|
|java.awt.color.ColorSpace_Constructors|
|java.awt.color.ColorSpace_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.awt.color.ColorSpace_Fields*
|int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.CS_CIEXYZ|
|int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.CS_GRAY|
|int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.CS_LINEAR_RGB|
|int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.CS_PYCC|
|int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.CS_sRGB|
|int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_2CLR|
|int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_3CLR|
|int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_4CLR|
|int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_5CLR|
|int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_6CLR|
|int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_7CLR|
|int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_8CLR|
|int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_9CLR|
|int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_ACLR|
|int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_BCLR|
|int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_CCLR|
|int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_CMY|
|int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_CMYK|
|int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_DCLR|
|int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_ECLR|
|int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_FCLR|
|int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_GRAY|
|int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_HLS|
|int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_HSV|
|int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_Lab|
|int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_Luv|
|int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_RGB|
|int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_XYZ|
|int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_YCbCr|
|int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_Yxy|

*java.awt.color.ColorSpace_Constructors*
|java.awt.color.ColorSpace(int,int)|Constructs a ColorSpace object given a colo

*java.awt.color.ColorSpace_Methods*
|java.awt.color.ColorSpace.fromCIEXYZ(float[])|Transforms a color value assumed
|java.awt.color.ColorSpace.fromRGB(float[])|Transforms a color value assumed to
|java.awt.color.ColorSpace.getInstance(int)|Returns a ColorSpace representing o
|java.awt.color.ColorSpace.getMaxValue(int)|Returns the maximum normalized colo
|java.awt.color.ColorSpace.getMinValue(int)|Returns the minimum normalized colo
|java.awt.color.ColorSpace.getName(int)|Returns the name of the component given
|java.awt.color.ColorSpace.getNumComponents()|Returns the number of components 
|java.awt.color.ColorSpace.getType()|Returns the color space type of this Color
|java.awt.color.ColorSpace.isCS_sRGB()|Returns true if the ColorSpace is CS_sRG
|java.awt.color.ColorSpace.toCIEXYZ(float[])|Transforms a color value assumed t
|java.awt.color.ColorSpace.toRGB(float[])|Transforms a color value assumed to b

*java.awt.color.ColorSpace_Description*

This abstract class is used to serve as a color space tag to identify the 
specific color space of a Color object or, via a ColorModel object, of an 
Image, a BufferedImage, or a GraphicsDevice. It contains methods that transform 
colors in a specific color space to/from sRGB and to/from a well-defined CIEXYZ 
color space. 

For purposes of the methods in this class, colors are represented as arrays of 
color components represented as floats in a normalized range defined by each 
ColorSpace. For many ColorSpaces (e.g. sRGB), this range is 0.0 to 1.0. 
However, some ColorSpaces have components whose values have a different range. 
Methods are provided to inquire per component minimum and maximum normalized 
values. 

Several variables are defined for purposes of referring to color space types 
(e.g. TYPE_RGB, TYPE_XYZ, etc.) and to refer to specific color spaces (e.g. 
CS_sRGB and CS_CIEXYZ). sRGB is a proposed standard RGB color space. For more 
information, see http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/Graphics/Color/sRGB.html . 

The purpose of the methods to transform to/from the well-defined CIEXYZ color 
space is to support conversions between any two color spaces at a reasonably 
high degree of accuracy. It is expected that particular implementations of 
subclasses of ColorSpace (e.g. ICC_ColorSpace) will support high performance 
conversion based on underlying platform color management systems. 

The CS_CIEXYZ space used by the toCIEXYZ/fromCIEXYZ methods can be described as 
follows: 

CIEXYZ viewing illuminance: 200 lux viewing white point: CIE D50 media white 
point: "that of a perfectly reflecting diffuser" -- D50 media black point: 0 
lux or 0 Reflectance flare: 1 percent surround: 20percent of the media white 
point media description: reflection print (i.e., RLAB, Hunt viewing media) 
note: For developers creating an ICC profile for this conversion space, the 
following is applicable. Use a simple Von Kries white point adaptation folded 
into the 3X3 matrix parameters and fold the flare and surround effects into the 
three one-dimensional lookup tables (assuming one uses the minimal model for 
monitors). 




*int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.CS_CIEXYZ*

This abstract class is used to serve as a color space tag to identify the 
specific color space of a Color object or, via a ColorModel object, of an 
Image, a BufferedImage, or a GraphicsDevice. It contains methods that transform 
colors in a specific color space to/from sRGB and to/from a well-defined CIEXYZ 
color space. 

For purposes of the methods in this class, colors are represented as arrays of 
color components represented as floats in a normalized range defined by each 
ColorSpace. For many ColorSpaces (e.g. sRGB), this range is 0.0 to 1.0. 
However, some ColorSpaces have components whose values have a different range. 
Methods are provided to inquire per component minimum and maximum normalized 
values. 

Several variables are defined for purposes of referring to color space types 
(e.g. TYPE_RGB, TYPE_XYZ, etc.) and to refer to specific color spaces (e.g. 
CS_sRGB and CS_CIEXYZ). sRGB is a proposed standard RGB color space. For more 
information, see http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/Graphics/Color/sRGB.html . 

The purpose of the methods to transform to/from the well-defined CIEXYZ color 
space is to support conversions between any two color spaces at a reasonably 
high degree of accuracy. It is expected that particular implementations of 
subclasses of ColorSpace (e.g. ICC_ColorSpace) will support high performance 
conversion based on underlying platform color management systems. 

The CS_CIEXYZ space used by the toCIEXYZ/fromCIEXYZ methods can be described as 
follows: 

CIEXYZ viewing illuminance: 200 lux viewing white point: CIE D50 media white 
point: "that of a perfectly reflecting diffuser" -- D50 media black point: 0 
lux or 0 Reflectance flare: 1 percent surround: 20percent of the media white 
point media description: reflection print (i.e., RLAB, Hunt viewing media) 
note: For developers creating an ICC profile for this conversion space, the 
following is applicable. Use a simple Von Kries white point adaptation folded 
into the 3X3 matrix parameters and fold the flare and surround effects into the 
three one-dimensional lookup tables (assuming one uses the minimal model for 
monitors). 




*int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.CS_GRAY*

This abstract class is used to serve as a color space tag to identify the 
specific color space of a Color object or, via a ColorModel object, of an 
Image, a BufferedImage, or a GraphicsDevice. It contains methods that transform 
colors in a specific color space to/from sRGB and to/from a well-defined CIEXYZ 
color space. 

For purposes of the methods in this class, colors are represented as arrays of 
color components represented as floats in a normalized range defined by each 
ColorSpace. For many ColorSpaces (e.g. sRGB), this range is 0.0 to 1.0. 
However, some ColorSpaces have components whose values have a different range. 
Methods are provided to inquire per component minimum and maximum normalized 
values. 

Several variables are defined for purposes of referring to color space types 
(e.g. TYPE_RGB, TYPE_XYZ, etc.) and to refer to specific color spaces (e.g. 
CS_sRGB and CS_CIEXYZ). sRGB is a proposed standard RGB color space. For more 
information, see http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/Graphics/Color/sRGB.html . 

The purpose of the methods to transform to/from the well-defined CIEXYZ color 
space is to support conversions between any two color spaces at a reasonably 
high degree of accuracy. It is expected that particular implementations of 
subclasses of ColorSpace (e.g. ICC_ColorSpace) will support high performance 
conversion based on underlying platform color management systems. 

The CS_CIEXYZ space used by the toCIEXYZ/fromCIEXYZ methods can be described as 
follows: 

CIEXYZ viewing illuminance: 200 lux viewing white point: CIE D50 media white 
point: "that of a perfectly reflecting diffuser" -- D50 media black point: 0 
lux or 0 Reflectance flare: 1 percent surround: 20percent of the media white 
point media description: reflection print (i.e., RLAB, Hunt viewing media) 
note: For developers creating an ICC profile for this conversion space, the 
following is applicable. Use a simple Von Kries white point adaptation folded 
into the 3X3 matrix parameters and fold the flare and surround effects into the 
three one-dimensional lookup tables (assuming one uses the minimal model for 
monitors). 




*int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.CS_LINEAR_RGB*

This abstract class is used to serve as a color space tag to identify the 
specific color space of a Color object or, via a ColorModel object, of an 
Image, a BufferedImage, or a GraphicsDevice. It contains methods that transform 
colors in a specific color space to/from sRGB and to/from a well-defined CIEXYZ 
color space. 

For purposes of the methods in this class, colors are represented as arrays of 
color components represented as floats in a normalized range defined by each 
ColorSpace. For many ColorSpaces (e.g. sRGB), this range is 0.0 to 1.0. 
However, some ColorSpaces have components whose values have a different range. 
Methods are provided to inquire per component minimum and maximum normalized 
values. 

Several variables are defined for purposes of referring to color space types 
(e.g. TYPE_RGB, TYPE_XYZ, etc.) and to refer to specific color spaces (e.g. 
CS_sRGB and CS_CIEXYZ). sRGB is a proposed standard RGB color space. For more 
information, see http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/Graphics/Color/sRGB.html . 

The purpose of the methods to transform to/from the well-defined CIEXYZ color 
space is to support conversions between any two color spaces at a reasonably 
high degree of accuracy. It is expected that particular implementations of 
subclasses of ColorSpace (e.g. ICC_ColorSpace) will support high performance 
conversion based on underlying platform color management systems. 

The CS_CIEXYZ space used by the toCIEXYZ/fromCIEXYZ methods can be described as 
follows: 

CIEXYZ viewing illuminance: 200 lux viewing white point: CIE D50 media white 
point: "that of a perfectly reflecting diffuser" -- D50 media black point: 0 
lux or 0 Reflectance flare: 1 percent surround: 20percent of the media white 
point media description: reflection print (i.e., RLAB, Hunt viewing media) 
note: For developers creating an ICC profile for this conversion space, the 
following is applicable. Use a simple Von Kries white point adaptation folded 
into the 3X3 matrix parameters and fold the flare and surround effects into the 
three one-dimensional lookup tables (assuming one uses the minimal model for 
monitors). 




*int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.CS_PYCC*

This abstract class is used to serve as a color space tag to identify the 
specific color space of a Color object or, via a ColorModel object, of an 
Image, a BufferedImage, or a GraphicsDevice. It contains methods that transform 
colors in a specific color space to/from sRGB and to/from a well-defined CIEXYZ 
color space. 

For purposes of the methods in this class, colors are represented as arrays of 
color components represented as floats in a normalized range defined by each 
ColorSpace. For many ColorSpaces (e.g. sRGB), this range is 0.0 to 1.0. 
However, some ColorSpaces have components whose values have a different range. 
Methods are provided to inquire per component minimum and maximum normalized 
values. 

Several variables are defined for purposes of referring to color space types 
(e.g. TYPE_RGB, TYPE_XYZ, etc.) and to refer to specific color spaces (e.g. 
CS_sRGB and CS_CIEXYZ). sRGB is a proposed standard RGB color space. For more 
information, see http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/Graphics/Color/sRGB.html . 

The purpose of the methods to transform to/from the well-defined CIEXYZ color 
space is to support conversions between any two color spaces at a reasonably 
high degree of accuracy. It is expected that particular implementations of 
subclasses of ColorSpace (e.g. ICC_ColorSpace) will support high performance 
conversion based on underlying platform color management systems. 

The CS_CIEXYZ space used by the toCIEXYZ/fromCIEXYZ methods can be described as 
follows: 

CIEXYZ viewing illuminance: 200 lux viewing white point: CIE D50 media white 
point: "that of a perfectly reflecting diffuser" -- D50 media black point: 0 
lux or 0 Reflectance flare: 1 percent surround: 20percent of the media white 
point media description: reflection print (i.e., RLAB, Hunt viewing media) 
note: For developers creating an ICC profile for this conversion space, the 
following is applicable. Use a simple Von Kries white point adaptation folded 
into the 3X3 matrix parameters and fold the flare and surround effects into the 
three one-dimensional lookup tables (assuming one uses the minimal model for 
monitors). 




*int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.CS_sRGB*

This abstract class is used to serve as a color space tag to identify the 
specific color space of a Color object or, via a ColorModel object, of an 
Image, a BufferedImage, or a GraphicsDevice. It contains methods that transform 
colors in a specific color space to/from sRGB and to/from a well-defined CIEXYZ 
color space. 

For purposes of the methods in this class, colors are represented as arrays of 
color components represented as floats in a normalized range defined by each 
ColorSpace. For many ColorSpaces (e.g. sRGB), this range is 0.0 to 1.0. 
However, some ColorSpaces have components whose values have a different range. 
Methods are provided to inquire per component minimum and maximum normalized 
values. 

Several variables are defined for purposes of referring to color space types 
(e.g. TYPE_RGB, TYPE_XYZ, etc.) and to refer to specific color spaces (e.g. 
CS_sRGB and CS_CIEXYZ). sRGB is a proposed standard RGB color space. For more 
information, see http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/Graphics/Color/sRGB.html . 

The purpose of the methods to transform to/from the well-defined CIEXYZ color 
space is to support conversions between any two color spaces at a reasonably 
high degree of accuracy. It is expected that particular implementations of 
subclasses of ColorSpace (e.g. ICC_ColorSpace) will support high performance 
conversion based on underlying platform color management systems. 

The CS_CIEXYZ space used by the toCIEXYZ/fromCIEXYZ methods can be described as 
follows: 

CIEXYZ viewing illuminance: 200 lux viewing white point: CIE D50 media white 
point: "that of a perfectly reflecting diffuser" -- D50 media black point: 0 
lux or 0 Reflectance flare: 1 percent surround: 20percent of the media white 
point media description: reflection print (i.e., RLAB, Hunt viewing media) 
note: For developers creating an ICC profile for this conversion space, the 
following is applicable. Use a simple Von Kries white point adaptation folded 
into the 3X3 matrix parameters and fold the flare and surround effects into the 
three one-dimensional lookup tables (assuming one uses the minimal model for 
monitors). 




*int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_2CLR*

This abstract class is used to serve as a color space tag to identify the 
specific color space of a Color object or, via a ColorModel object, of an 
Image, a BufferedImage, or a GraphicsDevice. It contains methods that transform 
colors in a specific color space to/from sRGB and to/from a well-defined CIEXYZ 
color space. 

For purposes of the methods in this class, colors are represented as arrays of 
color components represented as floats in a normalized range defined by each 
ColorSpace. For many ColorSpaces (e.g. sRGB), this range is 0.0 to 1.0. 
However, some ColorSpaces have components whose values have a different range. 
Methods are provided to inquire per component minimum and maximum normalized 
values. 

Several variables are defined for purposes of referring to color space types 
(e.g. TYPE_RGB, TYPE_XYZ, etc.) and to refer to specific color spaces (e.g. 
CS_sRGB and CS_CIEXYZ). sRGB is a proposed standard RGB color space. For more 
information, see http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/Graphics/Color/sRGB.html . 

The purpose of the methods to transform to/from the well-defined CIEXYZ color 
space is to support conversions between any two color spaces at a reasonably 
high degree of accuracy. It is expected that particular implementations of 
subclasses of ColorSpace (e.g. ICC_ColorSpace) will support high performance 
conversion based on underlying platform color management systems. 

The CS_CIEXYZ space used by the toCIEXYZ/fromCIEXYZ methods can be described as 
follows: 

CIEXYZ viewing illuminance: 200 lux viewing white point: CIE D50 media white 
point: "that of a perfectly reflecting diffuser" -- D50 media black point: 0 
lux or 0 Reflectance flare: 1 percent surround: 20percent of the media white 
point media description: reflection print (i.e., RLAB, Hunt viewing media) 
note: For developers creating an ICC profile for this conversion space, the 
following is applicable. Use a simple Von Kries white point adaptation folded 
into the 3X3 matrix parameters and fold the flare and surround effects into the 
three one-dimensional lookup tables (assuming one uses the minimal model for 
monitors). 




*int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_3CLR*

This abstract class is used to serve as a color space tag to identify the 
specific color space of a Color object or, via a ColorModel object, of an 
Image, a BufferedImage, or a GraphicsDevice. It contains methods that transform 
colors in a specific color space to/from sRGB and to/from a well-defined CIEXYZ 
color space. 

For purposes of the methods in this class, colors are represented as arrays of 
color components represented as floats in a normalized range defined by each 
ColorSpace. For many ColorSpaces (e.g. sRGB), this range is 0.0 to 1.0. 
However, some ColorSpaces have components whose values have a different range. 
Methods are provided to inquire per component minimum and maximum normalized 
values. 

Several variables are defined for purposes of referring to color space types 
(e.g. TYPE_RGB, TYPE_XYZ, etc.) and to refer to specific color spaces (e.g. 
CS_sRGB and CS_CIEXYZ). sRGB is a proposed standard RGB color space. For more 
information, see http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/Graphics/Color/sRGB.html . 

The purpose of the methods to transform to/from the well-defined CIEXYZ color 
space is to support conversions between any two color spaces at a reasonably 
high degree of accuracy. It is expected that particular implementations of 
subclasses of ColorSpace (e.g. ICC_ColorSpace) will support high performance 
conversion based on underlying platform color management systems. 

The CS_CIEXYZ space used by the toCIEXYZ/fromCIEXYZ methods can be described as 
follows: 

CIEXYZ viewing illuminance: 200 lux viewing white point: CIE D50 media white 
point: "that of a perfectly reflecting diffuser" -- D50 media black point: 0 
lux or 0 Reflectance flare: 1 percent surround: 20percent of the media white 
point media description: reflection print (i.e., RLAB, Hunt viewing media) 
note: For developers creating an ICC profile for this conversion space, the 
following is applicable. Use a simple Von Kries white point adaptation folded 
into the 3X3 matrix parameters and fold the flare and surround effects into the 
three one-dimensional lookup tables (assuming one uses the minimal model for 
monitors). 




*int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_4CLR*

This abstract class is used to serve as a color space tag to identify the 
specific color space of a Color object or, via a ColorModel object, of an 
Image, a BufferedImage, or a GraphicsDevice. It contains methods that transform 
colors in a specific color space to/from sRGB and to/from a well-defined CIEXYZ 
color space. 

For purposes of the methods in this class, colors are represented as arrays of 
color components represented as floats in a normalized range defined by each 
ColorSpace. For many ColorSpaces (e.g. sRGB), this range is 0.0 to 1.0. 
However, some ColorSpaces have components whose values have a different range. 
Methods are provided to inquire per component minimum and maximum normalized 
values. 

Several variables are defined for purposes of referring to color space types 
(e.g. TYPE_RGB, TYPE_XYZ, etc.) and to refer to specific color spaces (e.g. 
CS_sRGB and CS_CIEXYZ). sRGB is a proposed standard RGB color space. For more 
information, see http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/Graphics/Color/sRGB.html . 

The purpose of the methods to transform to/from the well-defined CIEXYZ color 
space is to support conversions between any two color spaces at a reasonably 
high degree of accuracy. It is expected that particular implementations of 
subclasses of ColorSpace (e.g. ICC_ColorSpace) will support high performance 
conversion based on underlying platform color management systems. 

The CS_CIEXYZ space used by the toCIEXYZ/fromCIEXYZ methods can be described as 
follows: 

CIEXYZ viewing illuminance: 200 lux viewing white point: CIE D50 media white 
point: "that of a perfectly reflecting diffuser" -- D50 media black point: 0 
lux or 0 Reflectance flare: 1 percent surround: 20percent of the media white 
point media description: reflection print (i.e., RLAB, Hunt viewing media) 
note: For developers creating an ICC profile for this conversion space, the 
following is applicable. Use a simple Von Kries white point adaptation folded 
into the 3X3 matrix parameters and fold the flare and surround effects into the 
three one-dimensional lookup tables (assuming one uses the minimal model for 
monitors). 




*int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_5CLR*

This abstract class is used to serve as a color space tag to identify the 
specific color space of a Color object or, via a ColorModel object, of an 
Image, a BufferedImage, or a GraphicsDevice. It contains methods that transform 
colors in a specific color space to/from sRGB and to/from a well-defined CIEXYZ 
color space. 

For purposes of the methods in this class, colors are represented as arrays of 
color components represented as floats in a normalized range defined by each 
ColorSpace. For many ColorSpaces (e.g. sRGB), this range is 0.0 to 1.0. 
However, some ColorSpaces have components whose values have a different range. 
Methods are provided to inquire per component minimum and maximum normalized 
values. 

Several variables are defined for purposes of referring to color space types 
(e.g. TYPE_RGB, TYPE_XYZ, etc.) and to refer to specific color spaces (e.g. 
CS_sRGB and CS_CIEXYZ). sRGB is a proposed standard RGB color space. For more 
information, see http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/Graphics/Color/sRGB.html . 

The purpose of the methods to transform to/from the well-defined CIEXYZ color 
space is to support conversions between any two color spaces at a reasonably 
high degree of accuracy. It is expected that particular implementations of 
subclasses of ColorSpace (e.g. ICC_ColorSpace) will support high performance 
conversion based on underlying platform color management systems. 

The CS_CIEXYZ space used by the toCIEXYZ/fromCIEXYZ methods can be described as 
follows: 

CIEXYZ viewing illuminance: 200 lux viewing white point: CIE D50 media white 
point: "that of a perfectly reflecting diffuser" -- D50 media black point: 0 
lux or 0 Reflectance flare: 1 percent surround: 20percent of the media white 
point media description: reflection print (i.e., RLAB, Hunt viewing media) 
note: For developers creating an ICC profile for this conversion space, the 
following is applicable. Use a simple Von Kries white point adaptation folded 
into the 3X3 matrix parameters and fold the flare and surround effects into the 
three one-dimensional lookup tables (assuming one uses the minimal model for 
monitors). 




*int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_6CLR*

This abstract class is used to serve as a color space tag to identify the 
specific color space of a Color object or, via a ColorModel object, of an 
Image, a BufferedImage, or a GraphicsDevice. It contains methods that transform 
colors in a specific color space to/from sRGB and to/from a well-defined CIEXYZ 
color space. 

For purposes of the methods in this class, colors are represented as arrays of 
color components represented as floats in a normalized range defined by each 
ColorSpace. For many ColorSpaces (e.g. sRGB), this range is 0.0 to 1.0. 
However, some ColorSpaces have components whose values have a different range. 
Methods are provided to inquire per component minimum and maximum normalized 
values. 

Several variables are defined for purposes of referring to color space types 
(e.g. TYPE_RGB, TYPE_XYZ, etc.) and to refer to specific color spaces (e.g. 
CS_sRGB and CS_CIEXYZ). sRGB is a proposed standard RGB color space. For more 
information, see http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/Graphics/Color/sRGB.html . 

The purpose of the methods to transform to/from the well-defined CIEXYZ color 
space is to support conversions between any two color spaces at a reasonably 
high degree of accuracy. It is expected that particular implementations of 
subclasses of ColorSpace (e.g. ICC_ColorSpace) will support high performance 
conversion based on underlying platform color management systems. 

The CS_CIEXYZ space used by the toCIEXYZ/fromCIEXYZ methods can be described as 
follows: 

CIEXYZ viewing illuminance: 200 lux viewing white point: CIE D50 media white 
point: "that of a perfectly reflecting diffuser" -- D50 media black point: 0 
lux or 0 Reflectance flare: 1 percent surround: 20percent of the media white 
point media description: reflection print (i.e., RLAB, Hunt viewing media) 
note: For developers creating an ICC profile for this conversion space, the 
following is applicable. Use a simple Von Kries white point adaptation folded 
into the 3X3 matrix parameters and fold the flare and surround effects into the 
three one-dimensional lookup tables (assuming one uses the minimal model for 
monitors). 




*int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_7CLR*

This abstract class is used to serve as a color space tag to identify the 
specific color space of a Color object or, via a ColorModel object, of an 
Image, a BufferedImage, or a GraphicsDevice. It contains methods that transform 
colors in a specific color space to/from sRGB and to/from a well-defined CIEXYZ 
color space. 

For purposes of the methods in this class, colors are represented as arrays of 
color components represented as floats in a normalized range defined by each 
ColorSpace. For many ColorSpaces (e.g. sRGB), this range is 0.0 to 1.0. 
However, some ColorSpaces have components whose values have a different range. 
Methods are provided to inquire per component minimum and maximum normalized 
values. 

Several variables are defined for purposes of referring to color space types 
(e.g. TYPE_RGB, TYPE_XYZ, etc.) and to refer to specific color spaces (e.g. 
CS_sRGB and CS_CIEXYZ). sRGB is a proposed standard RGB color space. For more 
information, see http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/Graphics/Color/sRGB.html . 

The purpose of the methods to transform to/from the well-defined CIEXYZ color 
space is to support conversions between any two color spaces at a reasonably 
high degree of accuracy. It is expected that particular implementations of 
subclasses of ColorSpace (e.g. ICC_ColorSpace) will support high performance 
conversion based on underlying platform color management systems. 

The CS_CIEXYZ space used by the toCIEXYZ/fromCIEXYZ methods can be described as 
follows: 

CIEXYZ viewing illuminance: 200 lux viewing white point: CIE D50 media white 
point: "that of a perfectly reflecting diffuser" -- D50 media black point: 0 
lux or 0 Reflectance flare: 1 percent surround: 20percent of the media white 
point media description: reflection print (i.e., RLAB, Hunt viewing media) 
note: For developers creating an ICC profile for this conversion space, the 
following is applicable. Use a simple Von Kries white point adaptation folded 
into the 3X3 matrix parameters and fold the flare and surround effects into the 
three one-dimensional lookup tables (assuming one uses the minimal model for 
monitors). 




*int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_8CLR*

This abstract class is used to serve as a color space tag to identify the 
specific color space of a Color object or, via a ColorModel object, of an 
Image, a BufferedImage, or a GraphicsDevice. It contains methods that transform 
colors in a specific color space to/from sRGB and to/from a well-defined CIEXYZ 
color space. 

For purposes of the methods in this class, colors are represented as arrays of 
color components represented as floats in a normalized range defined by each 
ColorSpace. For many ColorSpaces (e.g. sRGB), this range is 0.0 to 1.0. 
However, some ColorSpaces have components whose values have a different range. 
Methods are provided to inquire per component minimum and maximum normalized 
values. 

Several variables are defined for purposes of referring to color space types 
(e.g. TYPE_RGB, TYPE_XYZ, etc.) and to refer to specific color spaces (e.g. 
CS_sRGB and CS_CIEXYZ). sRGB is a proposed standard RGB color space. For more 
information, see http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/Graphics/Color/sRGB.html . 

The purpose of the methods to transform to/from the well-defined CIEXYZ color 
space is to support conversions between any two color spaces at a reasonably 
high degree of accuracy. It is expected that particular implementations of 
subclasses of ColorSpace (e.g. ICC_ColorSpace) will support high performance 
conversion based on underlying platform color management systems. 

The CS_CIEXYZ space used by the toCIEXYZ/fromCIEXYZ methods can be described as 
follows: 

CIEXYZ viewing illuminance: 200 lux viewing white point: CIE D50 media white 
point: "that of a perfectly reflecting diffuser" -- D50 media black point: 0 
lux or 0 Reflectance flare: 1 percent surround: 20percent of the media white 
point media description: reflection print (i.e., RLAB, Hunt viewing media) 
note: For developers creating an ICC profile for this conversion space, the 
following is applicable. Use a simple Von Kries white point adaptation folded 
into the 3X3 matrix parameters and fold the flare and surround effects into the 
three one-dimensional lookup tables (assuming one uses the minimal model for 
monitors). 




*int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_9CLR*

This abstract class is used to serve as a color space tag to identify the 
specific color space of a Color object or, via a ColorModel object, of an 
Image, a BufferedImage, or a GraphicsDevice. It contains methods that transform 
colors in a specific color space to/from sRGB and to/from a well-defined CIEXYZ 
color space. 

For purposes of the methods in this class, colors are represented as arrays of 
color components represented as floats in a normalized range defined by each 
ColorSpace. For many ColorSpaces (e.g. sRGB), this range is 0.0 to 1.0. 
However, some ColorSpaces have components whose values have a different range. 
Methods are provided to inquire per component minimum and maximum normalized 
values. 

Several variables are defined for purposes of referring to color space types 
(e.g. TYPE_RGB, TYPE_XYZ, etc.) and to refer to specific color spaces (e.g. 
CS_sRGB and CS_CIEXYZ). sRGB is a proposed standard RGB color space. For more 
information, see http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/Graphics/Color/sRGB.html . 

The purpose of the methods to transform to/from the well-defined CIEXYZ color 
space is to support conversions between any two color spaces at a reasonably 
high degree of accuracy. It is expected that particular implementations of 
subclasses of ColorSpace (e.g. ICC_ColorSpace) will support high performance 
conversion based on underlying platform color management systems. 

The CS_CIEXYZ space used by the toCIEXYZ/fromCIEXYZ methods can be described as 
follows: 

CIEXYZ viewing illuminance: 200 lux viewing white point: CIE D50 media white 
point: "that of a perfectly reflecting diffuser" -- D50 media black point: 0 
lux or 0 Reflectance flare: 1 percent surround: 20percent of the media white 
point media description: reflection print (i.e., RLAB, Hunt viewing media) 
note: For developers creating an ICC profile for this conversion space, the 
following is applicable. Use a simple Von Kries white point adaptation folded 
into the 3X3 matrix parameters and fold the flare and surround effects into the 
three one-dimensional lookup tables (assuming one uses the minimal model for 
monitors). 




*int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_ACLR*

This abstract class is used to serve as a color space tag to identify the 
specific color space of a Color object or, via a ColorModel object, of an 
Image, a BufferedImage, or a GraphicsDevice. It contains methods that transform 
colors in a specific color space to/from sRGB and to/from a well-defined CIEXYZ 
color space. 

For purposes of the methods in this class, colors are represented as arrays of 
color components represented as floats in a normalized range defined by each 
ColorSpace. For many ColorSpaces (e.g. sRGB), this range is 0.0 to 1.0. 
However, some ColorSpaces have components whose values have a different range. 
Methods are provided to inquire per component minimum and maximum normalized 
values. 

Several variables are defined for purposes of referring to color space types 
(e.g. TYPE_RGB, TYPE_XYZ, etc.) and to refer to specific color spaces (e.g. 
CS_sRGB and CS_CIEXYZ). sRGB is a proposed standard RGB color space. For more 
information, see http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/Graphics/Color/sRGB.html . 

The purpose of the methods to transform to/from the well-defined CIEXYZ color 
space is to support conversions between any two color spaces at a reasonably 
high degree of accuracy. It is expected that particular implementations of 
subclasses of ColorSpace (e.g. ICC_ColorSpace) will support high performance 
conversion based on underlying platform color management systems. 

The CS_CIEXYZ space used by the toCIEXYZ/fromCIEXYZ methods can be described as 
follows: 

CIEXYZ viewing illuminance: 200 lux viewing white point: CIE D50 media white 
point: "that of a perfectly reflecting diffuser" -- D50 media black point: 0 
lux or 0 Reflectance flare: 1 percent surround: 20percent of the media white 
point media description: reflection print (i.e., RLAB, Hunt viewing media) 
note: For developers creating an ICC profile for this conversion space, the 
following is applicable. Use a simple Von Kries white point adaptation folded 
into the 3X3 matrix parameters and fold the flare and surround effects into the 
three one-dimensional lookup tables (assuming one uses the minimal model for 
monitors). 




*int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_BCLR*

This abstract class is used to serve as a color space tag to identify the 
specific color space of a Color object or, via a ColorModel object, of an 
Image, a BufferedImage, or a GraphicsDevice. It contains methods that transform 
colors in a specific color space to/from sRGB and to/from a well-defined CIEXYZ 
color space. 

For purposes of the methods in this class, colors are represented as arrays of 
color components represented as floats in a normalized range defined by each 
ColorSpace. For many ColorSpaces (e.g. sRGB), this range is 0.0 to 1.0. 
However, some ColorSpaces have components whose values have a different range. 
Methods are provided to inquire per component minimum and maximum normalized 
values. 

Several variables are defined for purposes of referring to color space types 
(e.g. TYPE_RGB, TYPE_XYZ, etc.) and to refer to specific color spaces (e.g. 
CS_sRGB and CS_CIEXYZ). sRGB is a proposed standard RGB color space. For more 
information, see http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/Graphics/Color/sRGB.html . 

The purpose of the methods to transform to/from the well-defined CIEXYZ color 
space is to support conversions between any two color spaces at a reasonably 
high degree of accuracy. It is expected that particular implementations of 
subclasses of ColorSpace (e.g. ICC_ColorSpace) will support high performance 
conversion based on underlying platform color management systems. 

The CS_CIEXYZ space used by the toCIEXYZ/fromCIEXYZ methods can be described as 
follows: 

CIEXYZ viewing illuminance: 200 lux viewing white point: CIE D50 media white 
point: "that of a perfectly reflecting diffuser" -- D50 media black point: 0 
lux or 0 Reflectance flare: 1 percent surround: 20percent of the media white 
point media description: reflection print (i.e., RLAB, Hunt viewing media) 
note: For developers creating an ICC profile for this conversion space, the 
following is applicable. Use a simple Von Kries white point adaptation folded 
into the 3X3 matrix parameters and fold the flare and surround effects into the 
three one-dimensional lookup tables (assuming one uses the minimal model for 
monitors). 




*int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_CCLR*

This abstract class is used to serve as a color space tag to identify the 
specific color space of a Color object or, via a ColorModel object, of an 
Image, a BufferedImage, or a GraphicsDevice. It contains methods that transform 
colors in a specific color space to/from sRGB and to/from a well-defined CIEXYZ 
color space. 

For purposes of the methods in this class, colors are represented as arrays of 
color components represented as floats in a normalized range defined by each 
ColorSpace. For many ColorSpaces (e.g. sRGB), this range is 0.0 to 1.0. 
However, some ColorSpaces have components whose values have a different range. 
Methods are provided to inquire per component minimum and maximum normalized 
values. 

Several variables are defined for purposes of referring to color space types 
(e.g. TYPE_RGB, TYPE_XYZ, etc.) and to refer to specific color spaces (e.g. 
CS_sRGB and CS_CIEXYZ). sRGB is a proposed standard RGB color space. For more 
information, see http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/Graphics/Color/sRGB.html . 

The purpose of the methods to transform to/from the well-defined CIEXYZ color 
space is to support conversions between any two color spaces at a reasonably 
high degree of accuracy. It is expected that particular implementations of 
subclasses of ColorSpace (e.g. ICC_ColorSpace) will support high performance 
conversion based on underlying platform color management systems. 

The CS_CIEXYZ space used by the toCIEXYZ/fromCIEXYZ methods can be described as 
follows: 

CIEXYZ viewing illuminance: 200 lux viewing white point: CIE D50 media white 
point: "that of a perfectly reflecting diffuser" -- D50 media black point: 0 
lux or 0 Reflectance flare: 1 percent surround: 20percent of the media white 
point media description: reflection print (i.e., RLAB, Hunt viewing media) 
note: For developers creating an ICC profile for this conversion space, the 
following is applicable. Use a simple Von Kries white point adaptation folded 
into the 3X3 matrix parameters and fold the flare and surround effects into the 
three one-dimensional lookup tables (assuming one uses the minimal model for 
monitors). 




*int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_CMY*

This abstract class is used to serve as a color space tag to identify the 
specific color space of a Color object or, via a ColorModel object, of an 
Image, a BufferedImage, or a GraphicsDevice. It contains methods that transform 
colors in a specific color space to/from sRGB and to/from a well-defined CIEXYZ 
color space. 

For purposes of the methods in this class, colors are represented as arrays of 
color components represented as floats in a normalized range defined by each 
ColorSpace. For many ColorSpaces (e.g. sRGB), this range is 0.0 to 1.0. 
However, some ColorSpaces have components whose values have a different range. 
Methods are provided to inquire per component minimum and maximum normalized 
values. 

Several variables are defined for purposes of referring to color space types 
(e.g. TYPE_RGB, TYPE_XYZ, etc.) and to refer to specific color spaces (e.g. 
CS_sRGB and CS_CIEXYZ). sRGB is a proposed standard RGB color space. For more 
information, see http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/Graphics/Color/sRGB.html . 

The purpose of the methods to transform to/from the well-defined CIEXYZ color 
space is to support conversions between any two color spaces at a reasonably 
high degree of accuracy. It is expected that particular implementations of 
subclasses of ColorSpace (e.g. ICC_ColorSpace) will support high performance 
conversion based on underlying platform color management systems. 

The CS_CIEXYZ space used by the toCIEXYZ/fromCIEXYZ methods can be described as 
follows: 

CIEXYZ viewing illuminance: 200 lux viewing white point: CIE D50 media white 
point: "that of a perfectly reflecting diffuser" -- D50 media black point: 0 
lux or 0 Reflectance flare: 1 percent surround: 20percent of the media white 
point media description: reflection print (i.e., RLAB, Hunt viewing media) 
note: For developers creating an ICC profile for this conversion space, the 
following is applicable. Use a simple Von Kries white point adaptation folded 
into the 3X3 matrix parameters and fold the flare and surround effects into the 
three one-dimensional lookup tables (assuming one uses the minimal model for 
monitors). 




*int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_CMYK*

This abstract class is used to serve as a color space tag to identify the 
specific color space of a Color object or, via a ColorModel object, of an 
Image, a BufferedImage, or a GraphicsDevice. It contains methods that transform 
colors in a specific color space to/from sRGB and to/from a well-defined CIEXYZ 
color space. 

For purposes of the methods in this class, colors are represented as arrays of 
color components represented as floats in a normalized range defined by each 
ColorSpace. For many ColorSpaces (e.g. sRGB), this range is 0.0 to 1.0. 
However, some ColorSpaces have components whose values have a different range. 
Methods are provided to inquire per component minimum and maximum normalized 
values. 

Several variables are defined for purposes of referring to color space types 
(e.g. TYPE_RGB, TYPE_XYZ, etc.) and to refer to specific color spaces (e.g. 
CS_sRGB and CS_CIEXYZ). sRGB is a proposed standard RGB color space. For more 
information, see http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/Graphics/Color/sRGB.html . 

The purpose of the methods to transform to/from the well-defined CIEXYZ color 
space is to support conversions between any two color spaces at a reasonably 
high degree of accuracy. It is expected that particular implementations of 
subclasses of ColorSpace (e.g. ICC_ColorSpace) will support high performance 
conversion based on underlying platform color management systems. 

The CS_CIEXYZ space used by the toCIEXYZ/fromCIEXYZ methods can be described as 
follows: 

CIEXYZ viewing illuminance: 200 lux viewing white point: CIE D50 media white 
point: "that of a perfectly reflecting diffuser" -- D50 media black point: 0 
lux or 0 Reflectance flare: 1 percent surround: 20percent of the media white 
point media description: reflection print (i.e., RLAB, Hunt viewing media) 
note: For developers creating an ICC profile for this conversion space, the 
following is applicable. Use a simple Von Kries white point adaptation folded 
into the 3X3 matrix parameters and fold the flare and surround effects into the 
three one-dimensional lookup tables (assuming one uses the minimal model for 
monitors). 




*int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_DCLR*

This abstract class is used to serve as a color space tag to identify the 
specific color space of a Color object or, via a ColorModel object, of an 
Image, a BufferedImage, or a GraphicsDevice. It contains methods that transform 
colors in a specific color space to/from sRGB and to/from a well-defined CIEXYZ 
color space. 

For purposes of the methods in this class, colors are represented as arrays of 
color components represented as floats in a normalized range defined by each 
ColorSpace. For many ColorSpaces (e.g. sRGB), this range is 0.0 to 1.0. 
However, some ColorSpaces have components whose values have a different range. 
Methods are provided to inquire per component minimum and maximum normalized 
values. 

Several variables are defined for purposes of referring to color space types 
(e.g. TYPE_RGB, TYPE_XYZ, etc.) and to refer to specific color spaces (e.g. 
CS_sRGB and CS_CIEXYZ). sRGB is a proposed standard RGB color space. For more 
information, see http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/Graphics/Color/sRGB.html . 

The purpose of the methods to transform to/from the well-defined CIEXYZ color 
space is to support conversions between any two color spaces at a reasonably 
high degree of accuracy. It is expected that particular implementations of 
subclasses of ColorSpace (e.g. ICC_ColorSpace) will support high performance 
conversion based on underlying platform color management systems. 

The CS_CIEXYZ space used by the toCIEXYZ/fromCIEXYZ methods can be described as 
follows: 

CIEXYZ viewing illuminance: 200 lux viewing white point: CIE D50 media white 
point: "that of a perfectly reflecting diffuser" -- D50 media black point: 0 
lux or 0 Reflectance flare: 1 percent surround: 20percent of the media white 
point media description: reflection print (i.e., RLAB, Hunt viewing media) 
note: For developers creating an ICC profile for this conversion space, the 
following is applicable. Use a simple Von Kries white point adaptation folded 
into the 3X3 matrix parameters and fold the flare and surround effects into the 
three one-dimensional lookup tables (assuming one uses the minimal model for 
monitors). 




*int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_ECLR*

This abstract class is used to serve as a color space tag to identify the 
specific color space of a Color object or, via a ColorModel object, of an 
Image, a BufferedImage, or a GraphicsDevice. It contains methods that transform 
colors in a specific color space to/from sRGB and to/from a well-defined CIEXYZ 
color space. 

For purposes of the methods in this class, colors are represented as arrays of 
color components represented as floats in a normalized range defined by each 
ColorSpace. For many ColorSpaces (e.g. sRGB), this range is 0.0 to 1.0. 
However, some ColorSpaces have components whose values have a different range. 
Methods are provided to inquire per component minimum and maximum normalized 
values. 

Several variables are defined for purposes of referring to color space types 
(e.g. TYPE_RGB, TYPE_XYZ, etc.) and to refer to specific color spaces (e.g. 
CS_sRGB and CS_CIEXYZ). sRGB is a proposed standard RGB color space. For more 
information, see http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/Graphics/Color/sRGB.html . 

The purpose of the methods to transform to/from the well-defined CIEXYZ color 
space is to support conversions between any two color spaces at a reasonably 
high degree of accuracy. It is expected that particular implementations of 
subclasses of ColorSpace (e.g. ICC_ColorSpace) will support high performance 
conversion based on underlying platform color management systems. 

The CS_CIEXYZ space used by the toCIEXYZ/fromCIEXYZ methods can be described as 
follows: 

CIEXYZ viewing illuminance: 200 lux viewing white point: CIE D50 media white 
point: "that of a perfectly reflecting diffuser" -- D50 media black point: 0 
lux or 0 Reflectance flare: 1 percent surround: 20percent of the media white 
point media description: reflection print (i.e., RLAB, Hunt viewing media) 
note: For developers creating an ICC profile for this conversion space, the 
following is applicable. Use a simple Von Kries white point adaptation folded 
into the 3X3 matrix parameters and fold the flare and surround effects into the 
three one-dimensional lookup tables (assuming one uses the minimal model for 
monitors). 




*int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_FCLR*

This abstract class is used to serve as a color space tag to identify the 
specific color space of a Color object or, via a ColorModel object, of an 
Image, a BufferedImage, or a GraphicsDevice. It contains methods that transform 
colors in a specific color space to/from sRGB and to/from a well-defined CIEXYZ 
color space. 

For purposes of the methods in this class, colors are represented as arrays of 
color components represented as floats in a normalized range defined by each 
ColorSpace. For many ColorSpaces (e.g. sRGB), this range is 0.0 to 1.0. 
However, some ColorSpaces have components whose values have a different range. 
Methods are provided to inquire per component minimum and maximum normalized 
values. 

Several variables are defined for purposes of referring to color space types 
(e.g. TYPE_RGB, TYPE_XYZ, etc.) and to refer to specific color spaces (e.g. 
CS_sRGB and CS_CIEXYZ). sRGB is a proposed standard RGB color space. For more 
information, see http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/Graphics/Color/sRGB.html . 

The purpose of the methods to transform to/from the well-defined CIEXYZ color 
space is to support conversions between any two color spaces at a reasonably 
high degree of accuracy. It is expected that particular implementations of 
subclasses of ColorSpace (e.g. ICC_ColorSpace) will support high performance 
conversion based on underlying platform color management systems. 

The CS_CIEXYZ space used by the toCIEXYZ/fromCIEXYZ methods can be described as 
follows: 

CIEXYZ viewing illuminance: 200 lux viewing white point: CIE D50 media white 
point: "that of a perfectly reflecting diffuser" -- D50 media black point: 0 
lux or 0 Reflectance flare: 1 percent surround: 20percent of the media white 
point media description: reflection print (i.e., RLAB, Hunt viewing media) 
note: For developers creating an ICC profile for this conversion space, the 
following is applicable. Use a simple Von Kries white point adaptation folded 
into the 3X3 matrix parameters and fold the flare and surround effects into the 
three one-dimensional lookup tables (assuming one uses the minimal model for 
monitors). 




*int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_GRAY*

This abstract class is used to serve as a color space tag to identify the 
specific color space of a Color object or, via a ColorModel object, of an 
Image, a BufferedImage, or a GraphicsDevice. It contains methods that transform 
colors in a specific color space to/from sRGB and to/from a well-defined CIEXYZ 
color space. 

For purposes of the methods in this class, colors are represented as arrays of 
color components represented as floats in a normalized range defined by each 
ColorSpace. For many ColorSpaces (e.g. sRGB), this range is 0.0 to 1.0. 
However, some ColorSpaces have components whose values have a different range. 
Methods are provided to inquire per component minimum and maximum normalized 
values. 

Several variables are defined for purposes of referring to color space types 
(e.g. TYPE_RGB, TYPE_XYZ, etc.) and to refer to specific color spaces (e.g. 
CS_sRGB and CS_CIEXYZ). sRGB is a proposed standard RGB color space. For more 
information, see http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/Graphics/Color/sRGB.html . 

The purpose of the methods to transform to/from the well-defined CIEXYZ color 
space is to support conversions between any two color spaces at a reasonably 
high degree of accuracy. It is expected that particular implementations of 
subclasses of ColorSpace (e.g. ICC_ColorSpace) will support high performance 
conversion based on underlying platform color management systems. 

The CS_CIEXYZ space used by the toCIEXYZ/fromCIEXYZ methods can be described as 
follows: 

CIEXYZ viewing illuminance: 200 lux viewing white point: CIE D50 media white 
point: "that of a perfectly reflecting diffuser" -- D50 media black point: 0 
lux or 0 Reflectance flare: 1 percent surround: 20percent of the media white 
point media description: reflection print (i.e., RLAB, Hunt viewing media) 
note: For developers creating an ICC profile for this conversion space, the 
following is applicable. Use a simple Von Kries white point adaptation folded 
into the 3X3 matrix parameters and fold the flare and surround effects into the 
three one-dimensional lookup tables (assuming one uses the minimal model for 
monitors). 




*int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_HLS*

This abstract class is used to serve as a color space tag to identify the 
specific color space of a Color object or, via a ColorModel object, of an 
Image, a BufferedImage, or a GraphicsDevice. It contains methods that transform 
colors in a specific color space to/from sRGB and to/from a well-defined CIEXYZ 
color space. 

For purposes of the methods in this class, colors are represented as arrays of 
color components represented as floats in a normalized range defined by each 
ColorSpace. For many ColorSpaces (e.g. sRGB), this range is 0.0 to 1.0. 
However, some ColorSpaces have components whose values have a different range. 
Methods are provided to inquire per component minimum and maximum normalized 
values. 

Several variables are defined for purposes of referring to color space types 
(e.g. TYPE_RGB, TYPE_XYZ, etc.) and to refer to specific color spaces (e.g. 
CS_sRGB and CS_CIEXYZ). sRGB is a proposed standard RGB color space. For more 
information, see http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/Graphics/Color/sRGB.html . 

The purpose of the methods to transform to/from the well-defined CIEXYZ color 
space is to support conversions between any two color spaces at a reasonably 
high degree of accuracy. It is expected that particular implementations of 
subclasses of ColorSpace (e.g. ICC_ColorSpace) will support high performance 
conversion based on underlying platform color management systems. 

The CS_CIEXYZ space used by the toCIEXYZ/fromCIEXYZ methods can be described as 
follows: 

CIEXYZ viewing illuminance: 200 lux viewing white point: CIE D50 media white 
point: "that of a perfectly reflecting diffuser" -- D50 media black point: 0 
lux or 0 Reflectance flare: 1 percent surround: 20percent of the media white 
point media description: reflection print (i.e., RLAB, Hunt viewing media) 
note: For developers creating an ICC profile for this conversion space, the 
following is applicable. Use a simple Von Kries white point adaptation folded 
into the 3X3 matrix parameters and fold the flare and surround effects into the 
three one-dimensional lookup tables (assuming one uses the minimal model for 
monitors). 




*int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_HSV*

This abstract class is used to serve as a color space tag to identify the 
specific color space of a Color object or, via a ColorModel object, of an 
Image, a BufferedImage, or a GraphicsDevice. It contains methods that transform 
colors in a specific color space to/from sRGB and to/from a well-defined CIEXYZ 
color space. 

For purposes of the methods in this class, colors are represented as arrays of 
color components represented as floats in a normalized range defined by each 
ColorSpace. For many ColorSpaces (e.g. sRGB), this range is 0.0 to 1.0. 
However, some ColorSpaces have components whose values have a different range. 
Methods are provided to inquire per component minimum and maximum normalized 
values. 

Several variables are defined for purposes of referring to color space types 
(e.g. TYPE_RGB, TYPE_XYZ, etc.) and to refer to specific color spaces (e.g. 
CS_sRGB and CS_CIEXYZ). sRGB is a proposed standard RGB color space. For more 
information, see http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/Graphics/Color/sRGB.html . 

The purpose of the methods to transform to/from the well-defined CIEXYZ color 
space is to support conversions between any two color spaces at a reasonably 
high degree of accuracy. It is expected that particular implementations of 
subclasses of ColorSpace (e.g. ICC_ColorSpace) will support high performance 
conversion based on underlying platform color management systems. 

The CS_CIEXYZ space used by the toCIEXYZ/fromCIEXYZ methods can be described as 
follows: 

CIEXYZ viewing illuminance: 200 lux viewing white point: CIE D50 media white 
point: "that of a perfectly reflecting diffuser" -- D50 media black point: 0 
lux or 0 Reflectance flare: 1 percent surround: 20percent of the media white 
point media description: reflection print (i.e., RLAB, Hunt viewing media) 
note: For developers creating an ICC profile for this conversion space, the 
following is applicable. Use a simple Von Kries white point adaptation folded 
into the 3X3 matrix parameters and fold the flare and surround effects into the 
three one-dimensional lookup tables (assuming one uses the minimal model for 
monitors). 




*int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_Lab*

This abstract class is used to serve as a color space tag to identify the 
specific color space of a Color object or, via a ColorModel object, of an 
Image, a BufferedImage, or a GraphicsDevice. It contains methods that transform 
colors in a specific color space to/from sRGB and to/from a well-defined CIEXYZ 
color space. 

For purposes of the methods in this class, colors are represented as arrays of 
color components represented as floats in a normalized range defined by each 
ColorSpace. For many ColorSpaces (e.g. sRGB), this range is 0.0 to 1.0. 
However, some ColorSpaces have components whose values have a different range. 
Methods are provided to inquire per component minimum and maximum normalized 
values. 

Several variables are defined for purposes of referring to color space types 
(e.g. TYPE_RGB, TYPE_XYZ, etc.) and to refer to specific color spaces (e.g. 
CS_sRGB and CS_CIEXYZ). sRGB is a proposed standard RGB color space. For more 
information, see http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/Graphics/Color/sRGB.html . 

The purpose of the methods to transform to/from the well-defined CIEXYZ color 
space is to support conversions between any two color spaces at a reasonably 
high degree of accuracy. It is expected that particular implementations of 
subclasses of ColorSpace (e.g. ICC_ColorSpace) will support high performance 
conversion based on underlying platform color management systems. 

The CS_CIEXYZ space used by the toCIEXYZ/fromCIEXYZ methods can be described as 
follows: 

CIEXYZ viewing illuminance: 200 lux viewing white point: CIE D50 media white 
point: "that of a perfectly reflecting diffuser" -- D50 media black point: 0 
lux or 0 Reflectance flare: 1 percent surround: 20percent of the media white 
point media description: reflection print (i.e., RLAB, Hunt viewing media) 
note: For developers creating an ICC profile for this conversion space, the 
following is applicable. Use a simple Von Kries white point adaptation folded 
into the 3X3 matrix parameters and fold the flare and surround effects into the 
three one-dimensional lookup tables (assuming one uses the minimal model for 
monitors). 




*int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_Luv*

This abstract class is used to serve as a color space tag to identify the 
specific color space of a Color object or, via a ColorModel object, of an 
Image, a BufferedImage, or a GraphicsDevice. It contains methods that transform 
colors in a specific color space to/from sRGB and to/from a well-defined CIEXYZ 
color space. 

For purposes of the methods in this class, colors are represented as arrays of 
color components represented as floats in a normalized range defined by each 
ColorSpace. For many ColorSpaces (e.g. sRGB), this range is 0.0 to 1.0. 
However, some ColorSpaces have components whose values have a different range. 
Methods are provided to inquire per component minimum and maximum normalized 
values. 

Several variables are defined for purposes of referring to color space types 
(e.g. TYPE_RGB, TYPE_XYZ, etc.) and to refer to specific color spaces (e.g. 
CS_sRGB and CS_CIEXYZ). sRGB is a proposed standard RGB color space. For more 
information, see http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/Graphics/Color/sRGB.html . 

The purpose of the methods to transform to/from the well-defined CIEXYZ color 
space is to support conversions between any two color spaces at a reasonably 
high degree of accuracy. It is expected that particular implementations of 
subclasses of ColorSpace (e.g. ICC_ColorSpace) will support high performance 
conversion based on underlying platform color management systems. 

The CS_CIEXYZ space used by the toCIEXYZ/fromCIEXYZ methods can be described as 
follows: 

CIEXYZ viewing illuminance: 200 lux viewing white point: CIE D50 media white 
point: "that of a perfectly reflecting diffuser" -- D50 media black point: 0 
lux or 0 Reflectance flare: 1 percent surround: 20percent of the media white 
point media description: reflection print (i.e., RLAB, Hunt viewing media) 
note: For developers creating an ICC profile for this conversion space, the 
following is applicable. Use a simple Von Kries white point adaptation folded 
into the 3X3 matrix parameters and fold the flare and surround effects into the 
three one-dimensional lookup tables (assuming one uses the minimal model for 
monitors). 




*int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_RGB*

This abstract class is used to serve as a color space tag to identify the 
specific color space of a Color object or, via a ColorModel object, of an 
Image, a BufferedImage, or a GraphicsDevice. It contains methods that transform 
colors in a specific color space to/from sRGB and to/from a well-defined CIEXYZ 
color space. 

For purposes of the methods in this class, colors are represented as arrays of 
color components represented as floats in a normalized range defined by each 
ColorSpace. For many ColorSpaces (e.g. sRGB), this range is 0.0 to 1.0. 
However, some ColorSpaces have components whose values have a different range. 
Methods are provided to inquire per component minimum and maximum normalized 
values. 

Several variables are defined for purposes of referring to color space types 
(e.g. TYPE_RGB, TYPE_XYZ, etc.) and to refer to specific color spaces (e.g. 
CS_sRGB and CS_CIEXYZ). sRGB is a proposed standard RGB color space. For more 
information, see http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/Graphics/Color/sRGB.html . 

The purpose of the methods to transform to/from the well-defined CIEXYZ color 
space is to support conversions between any two color spaces at a reasonably 
high degree of accuracy. It is expected that particular implementations of 
subclasses of ColorSpace (e.g. ICC_ColorSpace) will support high performance 
conversion based on underlying platform color management systems. 

The CS_CIEXYZ space used by the toCIEXYZ/fromCIEXYZ methods can be described as 
follows: 

CIEXYZ viewing illuminance: 200 lux viewing white point: CIE D50 media white 
point: "that of a perfectly reflecting diffuser" -- D50 media black point: 0 
lux or 0 Reflectance flare: 1 percent surround: 20percent of the media white 
point media description: reflection print (i.e., RLAB, Hunt viewing media) 
note: For developers creating an ICC profile for this conversion space, the 
following is applicable. Use a simple Von Kries white point adaptation folded 
into the 3X3 matrix parameters and fold the flare and surround effects into the 
three one-dimensional lookup tables (assuming one uses the minimal model for 
monitors). 




*int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_XYZ*

This abstract class is used to serve as a color space tag to identify the 
specific color space of a Color object or, via a ColorModel object, of an 
Image, a BufferedImage, or a GraphicsDevice. It contains methods that transform 
colors in a specific color space to/from sRGB and to/from a well-defined CIEXYZ 
color space. 

For purposes of the methods in this class, colors are represented as arrays of 
color components represented as floats in a normalized range defined by each 
ColorSpace. For many ColorSpaces (e.g. sRGB), this range is 0.0 to 1.0. 
However, some ColorSpaces have components whose values have a different range. 
Methods are provided to inquire per component minimum and maximum normalized 
values. 

Several variables are defined for purposes of referring to color space types 
(e.g. TYPE_RGB, TYPE_XYZ, etc.) and to refer to specific color spaces (e.g. 
CS_sRGB and CS_CIEXYZ). sRGB is a proposed standard RGB color space. For more 
information, see http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/Graphics/Color/sRGB.html . 

The purpose of the methods to transform to/from the well-defined CIEXYZ color 
space is to support conversions between any two color spaces at a reasonably 
high degree of accuracy. It is expected that particular implementations of 
subclasses of ColorSpace (e.g. ICC_ColorSpace) will support high performance 
conversion based on underlying platform color management systems. 

The CS_CIEXYZ space used by the toCIEXYZ/fromCIEXYZ methods can be described as 
follows: 

CIEXYZ viewing illuminance: 200 lux viewing white point: CIE D50 media white 
point: "that of a perfectly reflecting diffuser" -- D50 media black point: 0 
lux or 0 Reflectance flare: 1 percent surround: 20percent of the media white 
point media description: reflection print (i.e., RLAB, Hunt viewing media) 
note: For developers creating an ICC profile for this conversion space, the 
following is applicable. Use a simple Von Kries white point adaptation folded 
into the 3X3 matrix parameters and fold the flare and surround effects into the 
three one-dimensional lookup tables (assuming one uses the minimal model for 
monitors). 




*int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_YCbCr*

This abstract class is used to serve as a color space tag to identify the 
specific color space of a Color object or, via a ColorModel object, of an 
Image, a BufferedImage, or a GraphicsDevice. It contains methods that transform 
colors in a specific color space to/from sRGB and to/from a well-defined CIEXYZ 
color space. 

For purposes of the methods in this class, colors are represented as arrays of 
color components represented as floats in a normalized range defined by each 
ColorSpace. For many ColorSpaces (e.g. sRGB), this range is 0.0 to 1.0. 
However, some ColorSpaces have components whose values have a different range. 
Methods are provided to inquire per component minimum and maximum normalized 
values. 

Several variables are defined for purposes of referring to color space types 
(e.g. TYPE_RGB, TYPE_XYZ, etc.) and to refer to specific color spaces (e.g. 
CS_sRGB and CS_CIEXYZ). sRGB is a proposed standard RGB color space. For more 
information, see http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/Graphics/Color/sRGB.html . 

The purpose of the methods to transform to/from the well-defined CIEXYZ color 
space is to support conversions between any two color spaces at a reasonably 
high degree of accuracy. It is expected that particular implementations of 
subclasses of ColorSpace (e.g. ICC_ColorSpace) will support high performance 
conversion based on underlying platform color management systems. 

The CS_CIEXYZ space used by the toCIEXYZ/fromCIEXYZ methods can be described as 
follows: 

CIEXYZ viewing illuminance: 200 lux viewing white point: CIE D50 media white 
point: "that of a perfectly reflecting diffuser" -- D50 media black point: 0 
lux or 0 Reflectance flare: 1 percent surround: 20percent of the media white 
point media description: reflection print (i.e., RLAB, Hunt viewing media) 
note: For developers creating an ICC profile for this conversion space, the 
following is applicable. Use a simple Von Kries white point adaptation folded 
into the 3X3 matrix parameters and fold the flare and surround effects into the 
three one-dimensional lookup tables (assuming one uses the minimal model for 
monitors). 




*int_java.awt.color.ColorSpace.TYPE_Yxy*

This abstract class is used to serve as a color space tag to identify the 
specific color space of a Color object or, via a ColorModel object, of an 
Image, a BufferedImage, or a GraphicsDevice. It contains methods that transform 
colors in a specific color space to/from sRGB and to/from a well-defined CIEXYZ 
color space. 

For purposes of the methods in this class, colors are represented as arrays of 
color components represented as floats in a normalized range defined by each 
ColorSpace. For many ColorSpaces (e.g. sRGB), this range is 0.0 to 1.0. 
However, some ColorSpaces have components whose values have a different range. 
Methods are provided to inquire per component minimum and maximum normalized 
values. 

Several variables are defined for purposes of referring to color space types 
(e.g. TYPE_RGB, TYPE_XYZ, etc.) and to refer to specific color spaces (e.g. 
CS_sRGB and CS_CIEXYZ). sRGB is a proposed standard RGB color space. For more 
information, see http://www.w3.org/pub/WWW/Graphics/Color/sRGB.html . 

The purpose of the methods to transform to/from the well-defined CIEXYZ color 
space is to support conversions between any two color spaces at a reasonably 
high degree of accuracy. It is expected that particular implementations of 
subclasses of ColorSpace (e.g. ICC_ColorSpace) will support high performance 
conversion based on underlying platform color management systems. 

The CS_CIEXYZ space used by the toCIEXYZ/fromCIEXYZ methods can be described as 
follows: 

CIEXYZ viewing illuminance: 200 lux viewing white point: CIE D50 media white 
point: "that of a perfectly reflecting diffuser" -- D50 media black point: 0 
lux or 0 Reflectance flare: 1 percent surround: 20percent of the media white 
point media description: reflection print (i.e., RLAB, Hunt viewing media) 
note: For developers creating an ICC profile for this conversion space, the 
following is applicable. Use a simple Von Kries white point adaptation folded 
into the 3X3 matrix parameters and fold the flare and surround effects into the 
three one-dimensional lookup tables (assuming one uses the minimal model for 
monitors). 





*java.awt.color.ColorSpace(int,int)*

protected ColorSpace(
  int type,
  int numcomponents)

Constructs a ColorSpace object given a color space type and the number of 
components. 

    type - one of the ColorSpace type constants 
    numcomponents - the number of components in the color space 

*java.awt.color.ColorSpace.fromCIEXYZ(float[])*

public abstract float fromCIEXYZ(float[] colorvalue)

Transforms a color value assumed to be in the CS_CIEXYZ conversion color space 
into this ColorSpace. 

This method transforms color values using relative colorimetry, as defined by 
the International Color Consortium standard. This means that the XYZ argument 
values taken by this method are represented relative to the D50 white point of 
the CS_CIEXYZ color space. This representation is useful in a two-step color 
conversion process in which colors are transformed from an input color space to 
CS_CIEXYZ and then to an output color space. The color values returned by this 
method are not those that would produce the XYZ value passed to the method when 
measured by a colorimeter. If you have XYZ values corresponding to measurements 
made using current CIE recommended practices, they must be converted to D50 
relative values before being passed to this method. See the 
fromCIEXYZ(|java.awt.color.ICC_ColorSpace|) method of ICC_ColorSpace for 
further information. 

    colorvalue - a float array with length of at least 3 

    Returns: a float array with length equal to the number of components in this ColorSpace 
*java.awt.color.ColorSpace.fromRGB(float[])*

public abstract float fromRGB(float[] rgbvalue)

Transforms a color value assumed to be in the default CS_sRGB color space into 
this ColorSpace. 

This method transforms color values using algorithms designed to produce the 
best perceptual match between input and output colors. In order to do 
colorimetric conversion of color values, you should use the toCIEXYZ method of 
the CS_sRGB color space to first convert from the input color space to the 
CS_CIEXYZ color space, and then use the fromCIEXYZ method of this color space 
to convert from CS_CIEXYZ to the output color space. See 
toCIEXYZ(|java.awt.color.ColorSpace|) and 
fromCIEXYZ(|java.awt.color.ColorSpace|) for further information. 

    rgbvalue - a float array with length of at least 3 

    Returns: a float array with length equal to the number of components in this ColorSpace 
*java.awt.color.ColorSpace.getInstance(int)*

public static |java.awt.color.ColorSpace| getInstance(int colorspace)

Returns a ColorSpace representing one of the specific predefined color spaces. 

    colorspace - a specific color space identified by one of the predefined class constants 
       (e.g. CS_sRGB, CS_LINEAR_RGB, CS_CIEXYZ, CS_GRAY, or CS_PYCC) 

    Returns: the requested ColorSpace object 
*java.awt.color.ColorSpace.getMaxValue(int)*

public float getMaxValue(int component)

Returns the maximum normalized color component value for the specified 
component. The default implementation in this abstract class returns 1.0 for 
all components. Subclasses should override this method if necessary. 

    component - the component index 

    Returns: the maximum normalized component value 
*java.awt.color.ColorSpace.getMinValue(int)*

public float getMinValue(int component)

Returns the minimum normalized color component value for the specified 
component. The default implementation in this abstract class returns 0.0 for 
all components. Subclasses should override this method if necessary. 

    component - the component index 

    Returns: the minimum normalized component value 
*java.awt.color.ColorSpace.getName(int)*

public |java.lang.String| getName(int idx)

Returns the name of the component given the component index. 

    idx - the component index 

    Returns: the name of the component at the specified index 
*java.awt.color.ColorSpace.getNumComponents()*

public int getNumComponents()

Returns the number of components of this ColorSpace. 


    Returns: The number of components in this ColorSpace. 
*java.awt.color.ColorSpace.getType()*

public int getType()

Returns the color space type of this ColorSpace (for example TYPE_RGB, 
TYPE_XYZ, ...). The type defines the number of components of the color space 
and the interpretation, e.g. TYPE_RGB identifies a color space with three 
components - red, green, and blue. It does not define the particular color 
characteristics of the space, e.g. the chromaticities of the primaries. 


    Returns: the type constant that represents the type of this ColorSpace 
*java.awt.color.ColorSpace.isCS_sRGB()*

public boolean isCS_sRGB()

Returns true if the ColorSpace is CS_sRGB. 


    Returns: true if this is a CS_sRGB color space, false if it is not 
*java.awt.color.ColorSpace.toCIEXYZ(float[])*

public abstract float toCIEXYZ(float[] colorvalue)

Transforms a color value assumed to be in this ColorSpace into the CS_CIEXYZ 
conversion color space. 

This method transforms color values using relative colorimetry, as defined by 
the International Color Consortium standard. This means that the XYZ values 
returned by this method are represented relative to the D50 white point of the 
CS_CIEXYZ color space. This representation is useful in a two-step color 
conversion process in which colors are transformed from an input color space to 
CS_CIEXYZ and then to an output color space. This representation is not the 
same as the XYZ values that would be measured from the given color value by a 
colorimeter. A further transformation is necessary to compute the XYZ values 
that would be measured using current CIE recommended practices. See the 
toCIEXYZ(|java.awt.color.ICC_ColorSpace|) method of ICC_ColorSpace for further 
information. 

    colorvalue - a float array with length of at least the number of components in this 
       ColorSpace 

    Returns: a float array of length 3 
*java.awt.color.ColorSpace.toRGB(float[])*

public abstract float toRGB(float[] colorvalue)

Transforms a color value assumed to be in this ColorSpace into a value in the 
default CS_sRGB color space. 

This method transforms color values using algorithms designed to produce the 
best perceptual match between input and output colors. In order to do 
colorimetric conversion of color values, you should use the toCIEXYZ method of 
this color space to first convert from the input color space to the CS_CIEXYZ 
color space, and then use the fromCIEXYZ method of the CS_sRGB color space to 
convert from CS_CIEXYZ to the output color space. See 
toCIEXYZ(|java.awt.color.ColorSpace|) and 
fromCIEXYZ(|java.awt.color.ColorSpace|) for further information. 

    colorvalue - a float array with length of at least the number of components in this 
       ColorSpace 

    Returns: a float array of length 3 

