*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea* *MediaPrintableArea* Class M

public final class MediaPrintableArea
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |javax.print.attribute.DocAttribute|
             |javax.print.attribute.PrintRequestAttribute|
             |javax.print.attribute.PrintJobAttribute|

|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea_Description|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea_Fields|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea_Constructors|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea_Fields*
|int_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea.INCH|
|int_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea.MM|

*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea_Constructors*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea(float,float,float,float,int)|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea(int,int,int,int,int)|Constru

*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea_Methods*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea.equals(Object)|Returns wheth
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea.getCategory()|Get the printi
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea.getHeight(int)|Get the heigh
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea.getName()|Get the name of th
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea.getPrintableArea(int)|Get th
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea.getWidth(int)|Get the width 
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea.getX(int)|Get the x location
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea.getY(int)|Get the y location
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea.hashCode()|Returns a hash co
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea.toString()|Returns a string 
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea.toString(int,String)|Returns

*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea_Description*

Class MediaPrintableArea is a printing attribute used to distinguish the 
printable and non-printable areas of media. 

The printable area is specified to be a rectangle, within the overall 
dimensions of a media. 

Most printers cannot print on the entire surface of the media, due to printer 
hardware limitations. This class can be used to query the acceptable values for 
a supposed print job, and to request an area within the constraints of the 
printable area to be used in a print job. 

To query for the printable area, a client must supply a suitable context. 
Without specifying at the very least the size of the media being used no 
meaningful value for printable area can be obtained. 

The attribute is not described in terms of the distance from the edge of the 
paper, in part to emphasise that this attribute is not independent of a 
particular media, but must be described within the context of a choice of other 
attributes. Additionally it is usually more convenient for a client to use the 
printable area. 

The hardware's minimum margins is not just a property of the printer, but may 
be a function of the media size, orientation, media type, and any specified 
finishings. PrintService provides the method to query the supported values of 
an attribute in a suitable context : See 
<code>PrintService.getSupportedAttributeValues()</code>(|javax.print.PrintService|)
The rectangular printable area is defined thus: The (x,y) origin is positioned 
at the top-left of the paper in portrait mode regardless of the orientation 
specified in the requesting context. For example a printable area for A4 paper 
in portrait or landscape orientation will have height > width. 

A printable area attribute's values are stored internally as integers in units 
of micrometers (m), where 1 micrometer = 10-6 meter = 1/1000 millimeter = 
1/25400 inch. This permits dimensions to be represented exactly to a precision 
of 1/1000 mm (= 1 m) or 1/100 inch (= 254 m). If fractional inches are 
expressed in 

negative powers of two, this permits dimensions to be represented exactly to a 
precision of 1/8 inch (= 3175 m) but not 1/16 inch (because 1/16 inch 

does not equal an integral number of m). 

IPP Compatibility: MediaPrintableArea is not an IPP attribute. 


*int_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea.INCH*

Class MediaPrintableArea is a printing attribute used to distinguish the 
printable and non-printable areas of media. 

The printable area is specified to be a rectangle, within the overall 
dimensions of a media. 

Most printers cannot print on the entire surface of the media, due to printer 
hardware limitations. This class can be used to query the acceptable values for 
a supposed print job, and to request an area within the constraints of the 
printable area to be used in a print job. 

To query for the printable area, a client must supply a suitable context. 
Without specifying at the very least the size of the media being used no 
meaningful value for printable area can be obtained. 

The attribute is not described in terms of the distance from the edge of the 
paper, in part to emphasise that this attribute is not independent of a 
particular media, but must be described within the context of a choice of other 
attributes. Additionally it is usually more convenient for a client to use the 
printable area. 

The hardware's minimum margins is not just a property of the printer, but may 
be a function of the media size, orientation, media type, and any specified 
finishings. PrintService provides the method to query the supported values of 
an attribute in a suitable context : See 
<code>PrintService.getSupportedAttributeValues()</code>(|javax.print.PrintService|)
The rectangular printable area is defined thus: The (x,y) origin is positioned 
at the top-left of the paper in portrait mode regardless of the orientation 
specified in the requesting context. For example a printable area for A4 paper 
in portrait or landscape orientation will have height > width. 

A printable area attribute's values are stored internally as integers in units 
of micrometers (m), where 1 micrometer = 10-6 meter = 1/1000 millimeter = 
1/25400 inch. This permits dimensions to be represented exactly to a precision 
of 1/1000 mm (= 1 m) or 1/100 inch (= 254 m). If fractional inches are 
expressed in 

negative powers of two, this permits dimensions to be represented exactly to a 
precision of 1/8 inch (= 3175 m) but not 1/16 inch (because 1/16 inch 

does not equal an integral number of m). 

IPP Compatibility: MediaPrintableArea is not an IPP attribute. 


*int_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea.MM*

Class MediaPrintableArea is a printing attribute used to distinguish the 
printable and non-printable areas of media. 

The printable area is specified to be a rectangle, within the overall 
dimensions of a media. 

Most printers cannot print on the entire surface of the media, due to printer 
hardware limitations. This class can be used to query the acceptable values for 
a supposed print job, and to request an area within the constraints of the 
printable area to be used in a print job. 

To query for the printable area, a client must supply a suitable context. 
Without specifying at the very least the size of the media being used no 
meaningful value for printable area can be obtained. 

The attribute is not described in terms of the distance from the edge of the 
paper, in part to emphasise that this attribute is not independent of a 
particular media, but must be described within the context of a choice of other 
attributes. Additionally it is usually more convenient for a client to use the 
printable area. 

The hardware's minimum margins is not just a property of the printer, but may 
be a function of the media size, orientation, media type, and any specified 
finishings. PrintService provides the method to query the supported values of 
an attribute in a suitable context : See 
<code>PrintService.getSupportedAttributeValues()</code>(|javax.print.PrintService|)
The rectangular printable area is defined thus: The (x,y) origin is positioned 
at the top-left of the paper in portrait mode regardless of the orientation 
specified in the requesting context. For example a printable area for A4 paper 
in portrait or landscape orientation will have height > width. 

A printable area attribute's values are stored internally as integers in units 
of micrometers (m), where 1 micrometer = 10-6 meter = 1/1000 millimeter = 
1/25400 inch. This permits dimensions to be represented exactly to a precision 
of 1/1000 mm (= 1 m) or 1/100 inch (= 254 m). If fractional inches are 
expressed in 

negative powers of two, this permits dimensions to be represented exactly to a 
precision of 1/8 inch (= 3175 m) but not 1/16 inch (because 1/16 inch 

does not equal an integral number of m). 

IPP Compatibility: MediaPrintableArea is not an IPP attribute. 



*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea(float,float,float,float,int)*

public MediaPrintableArea(
  float x,
  float y,
  float w,
  float h,
  int units)

Constructs a MediaPrintableArea object from floating point values. 

    x - printable x 
    y - printable y 
    w - printable width 
    h - printable height 
    units - in which the values are expressed. 

*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea(int,int,int,int,int)*

public MediaPrintableArea(
  int x,
  int y,
  int w,
  int h,
  int units)

Constructs a MediaPrintableArea object from integer values. 

    x - printable x 
    y - printable y 
    w - printable width 
    h - printable height 
    units - in which the values are expressed. 

*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object object)

Returns whether this media margins attribute is equivalent to the passed in 
object. To be equivalent, all of the following conditions must be true: 

object is not null. 

object is an instance of class MediaPrintableArea. 

The origin and dimensions are the same. 

    object - Object to compare to. 

    Returns: True if object is equivalent to this media margins attribute, false otherwise. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea.getCategory()*

public final |java.lang.Class| getCategory()

Get the printing attribute class which is to be used as the "category" for this 
printing attribute value. 

For class MediaPrintableArea, the category is class MediaPrintableArea itself. 


    Returns: Printing attribute class (category), an instance of class {@link 
             java.lang.Class java.lang.Class}. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea.getHeight(int)*

public float getHeight(int units)

Get the height of the printable area in the specified units. 

    units - Unit conversion factor, e.g. {@link #INCH INCH} or {@link #MM MM}. 

    Returns: height of the printable area in the specified units. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea.getName()*

public final |java.lang.String| getName()

Get the name of the category of which this attribute value is an instance. 

For class MediaPrintableArea, the category name is "media-printable-area". This 
is not an IPP V1.1 attribute. 


    Returns: Attribute category name. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea.getPrintableArea(int)*

public float getPrintableArea(int units)

Get the printable area as an array of 4 values in the order x, y, w, h. The 
values returned are in the given units. 

    units - Unit conversion factor, e.g. {@link #INCH INCH} or {@link #MM MM}. 

    Returns: printable area as array of x, y, w, h in the specified units. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea.getWidth(int)*

public float getWidth(int units)

Get the width of the printable area in the specified units. 

    units - Unit conversion factor, e.g. {@link #INCH INCH} or {@link #MM MM}. 

    Returns: width of the printable area in the specified units. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea.getX(int)*

public float getX(int units)

Get the x location of the origin of the printable area in the specified units. 

    units - Unit conversion factor, e.g. {@link #INCH INCH} or {@link #MM MM}. 

    Returns: x location of the origin of the printable area in the specified units. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea.getY(int)*

public float getY(int units)

Get the y location of the origin of the printable area in the specified units. 

    units - Unit conversion factor, e.g. {@link #INCH INCH} or {@link #MM MM}. 

    Returns: y location of the origin of the printable area in the specified units. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()

Returns a hash code value for this attribute. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a string version of this rectangular size attribute in mm. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea.toString(int,String)*

public |java.lang.String| toString(
  int units,
  java.lang.String unitsName)

Returns a string version of this rectangular size attribute in the given units. 

    units - Unit conversion factor, e.g. {@link #INCH INCH} or {@link #MM MM}. 
    unitsName - Units name string, e.g. "in" or "mm". If null, no units name is appended to the 
       result. 

    Returns: String version of this two-dimensional size attribute. 

