*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize.Other* *MediaSize.Other* Class MediaSi

public static final class MediaSize.Other
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize.Other_Description|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize.Other_Fields|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize.Other_Constructors|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize.Other_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize.Other_Fields*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize.Other.EXECUTIVE|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize.Other.FOLIO|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize.Other.INVOICE|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize.Other.ITALY_ENVELOPE|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize.Other.JAPANESE_DOUBLE_POSTCARD|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize.Other.JAPANESE_POSTCARD|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize.Other.LEDGER|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize.Other.MONARCH_ENVELOPE|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize.Other.PERSONAL_ENVELOPE|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize.Other.QUARTO|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize.Other.TABLOID|

*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize.Other_Description*

Class MediaSize.Other includes 
MediaSize(|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize|) values for miscellaneous 
media. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize.Other.EXECUTIVE*

Class MediaSize.Other includes 
MediaSize(|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize|) values for miscellaneous 
media. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize.Other.FOLIO*

Class MediaSize.Other includes 
MediaSize(|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize|) values for miscellaneous 
media. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize.Other.INVOICE*

Class MediaSize.Other includes 
MediaSize(|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize|) values for miscellaneous 
media. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize.Other.ITALY_ENVELOPE*

Class MediaSize.Other includes 
MediaSize(|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize|) values for miscellaneous 
media. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize.Other.JAPANESE_DOUBLE_POSTCARD*

Class MediaSize.Other includes 
MediaSize(|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize|) values for miscellaneous 
media. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize.Other.JAPANESE_POSTCARD*

Class MediaSize.Other includes 
MediaSize(|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize|) values for miscellaneous 
media. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize.Other.LEDGER*

Class MediaSize.Other includes 
MediaSize(|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize|) values for miscellaneous 
media. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize.Other.MONARCH_ENVELOPE*

Class MediaSize.Other includes 
MediaSize(|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize|) values for miscellaneous 
media. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize.Other.PERSONAL_ENVELOPE*

Class MediaSize.Other includes 
MediaSize(|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize|) values for miscellaneous 
media. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize.Other.QUARTO*

Class MediaSize.Other includes 
MediaSize(|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize|) values for miscellaneous 
media. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize.Other.TABLOID*

Class MediaSize.Other includes 
MediaSize(|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize|) values for miscellaneous 
media. 



