*java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean* *ThreadMXBean* The management interface for 

public interface interface ThreadMXBean


|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean_Description|
|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean_Fields|
|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean_Constructors|
|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean_Methods*
|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.findMonitorDeadlockedThreads()|Finds cycles 
|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.getAllThreadIds()|Returns all live thread ID
|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.getCurrentThreadCpuTime()|Returns the total 
|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.getCurrentThreadUserTime()|Returns the CPU t
|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.getDaemonThreadCount()|Returns the current n
|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.getPeakThreadCount()|Returns the peak live t
|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.getThreadCount()|Returns the current number 
|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.getThreadCpuTime(long)|Returns the total CPU
|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.getThreadInfo(long)|Returns the thread info 
|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.getThreadInfo(long[])|Returns the thread inf
|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.getThreadInfo(long[],int)|Returns the thread
|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.getThreadInfo(long,int)|Returns a thread inf
|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.getThreadUserTime(long)|Returns the CPU time
|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.getTotalStartedThreadCount()|Returns the tot
|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.isCurrentThreadCpuTimeSupported()|Tests if t
|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.isThreadContentionMonitoringEnabled()|Tests 
|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.isThreadContentionMonitoringSupported()|Test
|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.isThreadCpuTimeEnabled()|Tests if thread CPU
|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.isThreadCpuTimeSupported()|Tests if the Java
|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.resetPeakThreadCount()|Resets the peak threa
|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.setThreadContentionMonitoringEnabled(boolean)|
|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.setThreadCpuTimeEnabled(boolean)|Enables or 

*java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean_Description*

The management interface for the thread system of the Java virtual machine. 

A Java virtual machine has a single instance of the implementation class of 
this interface. This instance implementing this interface is an MXBean that can 
be obtained by calling the (|java.lang.management.ManagementFactory|) method or 
from the platform 
<tt>MBeanServer</tt>(|java.lang.management.ManagementFactory|) method. 

The ObjectName for uniquely identifying the MXBean for the thread system within 
an MBeanServer is: 
<tt>java.lang:type=Threading</tt>(|java.lang.management.ManagementFactory|) 

Thread ID Thread ID is a positive long value returned by calling the 
(|java.lang.Thread|) method for a thread. The thread ID is unique during its 
lifetime. When a thread is terminated, this thread ID may be reused. 

Some methods in this interface take a thread ID or an array of thread IDs as 
the input parameter and return per-thread information. 

Thread CPU time A Java virtual machine implementation may support measuring the 
CPU time for the current thread, for any thread, or for no threads. 

The (|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean|) method can be used to determine if a 
Java virtual machine supports measuring of the CPU time for any thread. The 
(|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean|) method can be used to determine if a Java 
virtual machine supports measuring of the CPU time for the current thread. A 
Java virtual machine implementation that supports CPU time measurement for any 
thread will also support that for the current thread. 

The CPU time provided by this interface has nanosecond precision but not 
necessarily nanosecond accuracy. 

A Java virtual machine may disable CPU time measurement by default. The 
(|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean|) and (|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean|) 
methods can be used to test if CPU time measurement is enabled and to 
enable/disable this support respectively. Enabling thread CPU measurement could 
be expensive in some Java virtual machine implementations. 

Thread Contention Monitoring Some Java virtual machines may support thread 
contention monitoring. The (|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean|) method can be 
used to determine if a Java virtual machine supports thread contention 
monitoring. 

The thread contention monitoring is disabled by default. The 
(|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean|) method can be used to enable thread 
contention monitoring. 


*java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.findMonitorDeadlockedThreads()*

public long findMonitorDeadlockedThreads()

Finds cycles of threads that are in deadlock waiting to acquire object 
monitors. That is, threads that are blocked waiting to enter a synchronization 
block or waiting to reenter a synchronization block after an 
Object.wait(|java.lang.Object|) call, where each thread owns one monitor while 
trying to obtain another monitor already held by another thread in a cycle. 

More formally, a thread is monitor deadlocked if it is part of a cycle in the 
relation "is waiting for an object monitor owned by". In the simplest case, 
thread A is blocked waiting for a monitor owned by thread B, and thread B is 
blocked waiting for a monitor owned by thread A. 

This method is designed for troubleshooting use, but not for synchronization 
control. It might be an expensive operation. 


    Returns: an array of IDs of the threads that are monitor deadlocked, if any; null 
             otherwise. 
*java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.getAllThreadIds()*

public long getAllThreadIds()

Returns all live thread IDs. Some threads included in the returned array may 
have been terminated when this method returns. 


    Returns: an array of long, each is a thread ID. 
*java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.getCurrentThreadCpuTime()*

public long getCurrentThreadCpuTime()

Returns the total CPU time for the current thread in nanoseconds. The returned 
value is of nanoseconds precison but not necessarily nanoseconds accuracy. If 
the implementation distinguishes between user mode time and system mode time, 
the returned CPU time is the amount of time that the current thread has 
executed in user mode or system mode. 

This is a convenient method for local management use and is equivalent to 
calling: 

getThreadCpuTime(|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean|) 
(Thread.currentThread().getId()); 


    Returns: the total CPU time for the current thread if CPU time measurement is enabled; 
             -1 otherwise. 
*java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.getCurrentThreadUserTime()*

public long getCurrentThreadUserTime()

Returns the CPU time that the current thread has executed in user mode in 
nanoseconds. The returned value is of nanoseconds precison but not necessarily 
nanoseconds accuracy. 

This is a convenient method for local management use and is equivalent to 
calling: 

getThreadUserTime(|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean|) 
(Thread.currentThread().getId()); 


    Returns: the user-level CPU time for the current thread if CPU time measurement is 
             enabled; -1 otherwise. 
*java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.getDaemonThreadCount()*

public int getDaemonThreadCount()

Returns the current number of live daemon threads. 


    Returns: the current number of live daemon threads. 
*java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.getPeakThreadCount()*

public int getPeakThreadCount()

Returns the peak live thread count since the Java virtual machine started or 
peak was reset. 


    Returns: the peak live thread count. 
*java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.getThreadCount()*

public int getThreadCount()

Returns the current number of live threads including both daemon and non-daemon 
threads. 


    Returns: the current number of live threads. 
*java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.getThreadCpuTime(long)*

public long getThreadCpuTime(long id)

Returns the total CPU time for a thread of the specified ID in nanoseconds. The 
returned value is of nanoseconds precision but not necessarily nanoseconds 
accuracy. If the implementation distinguishes between user mode time and system 
mode time, the returned CPU time is the amount of time that the thread has 
executed in user mode or system mode. 

If the thread of the specified ID is not alive or does not exist, this method 
returns -1. If CPU time measurement is disabled, this method returns -1. A 
thread is alive if it has been started and has not yet died. 

If CPU time measurement is enabled after the thread has started, the Java 
virtual machine implementation may choose any time up to and including the time 
that the capability is enabled as the point where CPU time measurement starts. 

    id - the thread ID of a thread 

    Returns: the total CPU time for a thread of the specified ID if the thread of the 
             specified ID exists, the thread is alive, and CPU time measurement 
             is enabled; -1 otherwise. 
*java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.getThreadInfo(long)*

public |java.lang.management.ThreadInfo| getThreadInfo(long id)

Returns the thread info for a thread of the specified id with no stack trace. 
This method is equivalent to calling: getThreadInfo(id, 
0);(|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean|) 

This method returns a ThreadInfo object representing the thread information for 
the thread of the specified ID. The stack trace in the returned ThreadInfo 
object will be an empty array of StackTraceElement. 

If a thread of the given ID is not alive or does not exist, this method will 
return null. A thread is alive if it has been started and has not yet died. 

MBeanServer access: The mapped type of ThreadInfo is CompositeData with 
attributes as specified in ThreadInfo(|java.lang.management.ThreadInfo|) . 

    id - the thread ID of the thread. Must be positive. 

    Returns: a {@link ThreadInfo} object for the thread of the given ID with no stack trace; 
             null if the thread of the given ID is not alive or it does not 
             exist. 
*java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.getThreadInfo(long[])*

public |java.lang.management.ThreadInfo| getThreadInfo(long[] ids)

Returns the thread info for each thread whose ID is in the input array ids with 
no stack trace. This method is equivalent to calling: 

getThreadInfo(|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean|) (ids, 0); 

This method returns an array of the ThreadInfo objects. The stack trace in each 
ThreadInfo object will be an empty array of StackTraceElement. 

If a thread of a given ID is not alive or does not exist, the corresponding 
element in the returned array will contain null. A thread is alive if it has 
been started and has not yet died. 

MBeanServer access: The mapped type of ThreadInfo is CompositeData with 
attributes as specified in ThreadInfo(|java.lang.management.ThreadInfo|) . 

    ids - an array of thread IDs 

    Returns: an array of the {@link ThreadInfo} objects, each containing information about a 
             thread whose ID is in the corresponding element of the input array 
             of IDs. 
*java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.getThreadInfo(long[],int)*

public |java.lang.management.ThreadInfo| getThreadInfo(
  long[] ids,
  int maxDepth)

Returns the thread info for each thread whose ID is in the input array ids. The 
maxDepth parameter indicates the maximum number of StackTraceElement to be 
retrieved from the stack trace. If maxDepth == Integer.MAX_VALUE, the entire 
stack trace of the thread will be dumped. If maxDepth == 0, no stack trace of 
the thread will be dumped. 

When the Java virtual machine has no stack trace information about a thread or 
maxDepth == 0, the stack trace in the ThreadInfo object will be an empty array 
of StackTraceElement. 

This method returns an array of the ThreadInfo objects, each is the thread 
information about the thread with the same index as in the ids array. If a 
thread of the given ID is not alive or does not exist, null will be set in the 
corresponding element in the returned array. A thread is alive if it has been 
started and has not yet died. 

MBeanServer access: The mapped type of ThreadInfo is CompositeData with 
attributes as specified in ThreadInfo(|java.lang.management.ThreadInfo|) . 

    ids - an array of thread IDs 
    maxDepth - the maximum number of entries in the stack trace to be dumped. 
       Integer.MAX_VALUE could be used to request the entire stack to be 
       dumped. 

    Returns: an array of the {@link ThreadInfo} objects, each containing information about a 
             thread whose ID is in the corresponding element of the input array 
             of IDs. 
*java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.getThreadInfo(long,int)*

public |java.lang.management.ThreadInfo| getThreadInfo(
  long id,
  int maxDepth)

Returns a thread info for a thread of the specified id. The maxDepth parameter 
indicates the maximum number of StackTraceElement to be retrieved from the 
stack trace. If maxDepth == Integer.MAX_VALUE, the entire stack trace of the 
thread will be dumped. If maxDepth == 0, no stack trace of the thread will be 
dumped. 

When the Java virtual machine has no stack trace information about a thread or 
maxDepth == 0, the stack trace in the ThreadInfo object will be an empty array 
of StackTraceElement. 

If a thread of the given ID is not alive or does not exist, this method will 
return null. A thread is alive if it has been started and has not yet died. 

MBeanServer access: The mapped type of ThreadInfo is CompositeData with 
attributes as specified in ThreadInfo(|java.lang.management.ThreadInfo|) . 

    id - the thread ID of the thread. Must be positive. 
    maxDepth - the maximum number of entries in the stack trace to be dumped. 
       Integer.MAX_VALUE could be used to request the entire stack to be 
       dumped. 

    Returns: a {@link ThreadInfo} of the thread of the given ID. null if the thread of the 
             given ID is not alive or it does not exist. 
*java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.getThreadUserTime(long)*

public long getThreadUserTime(long id)

Returns the CPU time that a thread of the specified ID has executed in user 
mode in nanoseconds. The returned value is of nanoseconds precision but not 
necessarily nanoseconds accuracy. 

If the thread of the specified ID is not alive or does not exist, this method 
returns -1. If CPU time measurement is disabled, this method returns -1. A 
thread is alive if it has been started and has not yet died. 

If CPU time measurement is enabled after the thread has started, the Java 
virtual machine implementation may choose any time up to and including the time 
that the capability is enabled as the point where CPU time measurement starts. 

    id - the thread ID of a thread 

    Returns: the user-level CPU time for a thread of the specified ID if the thread of the 
             specified ID exists, the thread is alive, and CPU time measurement 
             is enabled; -1 otherwise. 
*java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.getTotalStartedThreadCount()*

public long getTotalStartedThreadCount()

Returns the total number of threads created and also started since the Java 
virtual machine started. 


    Returns: the total number of threads started. 
*java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.isCurrentThreadCpuTimeSupported()*

public boolean isCurrentThreadCpuTimeSupported()

Tests if the Java virtual machine supports CPU time measurement for the current 
thread. This method returns true if (|java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean|) 
returns true. 


    Returns: true if the Java virtual machine supports CPU time measurement for current 
             thread; false otherwise. 
*java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.isThreadContentionMonitoringEnabled()*

public boolean isThreadContentionMonitoringEnabled()

Tests if thread contention monitoring is enabled. 


    Returns: true if thread contention monitoring is enabled; false otherwise. 
*java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.isThreadContentionMonitoringSupported()*

public boolean isThreadContentionMonitoringSupported()

Tests if the Java virtual machine supports thread contention monitoring. 


    Returns: true if the Java virtual machine supports thread contention monitoring; false 
             otherwise. 
*java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.isThreadCpuTimeEnabled()*

public boolean isThreadCpuTimeEnabled()

Tests if thread CPU time measurement is enabled. 


    Returns: true if thread CPU time measurement is enabled; false otherwise. 
*java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.isThreadCpuTimeSupported()*

public boolean isThreadCpuTimeSupported()

Tests if the Java virtual machine implementation supports CPU time measurement 
for any thread. A Java virtual machine implementation that supports CPU time 
measurement for any thread will also support CPU time measurement for the 
current thread. 


    Returns: true if the Java virtual machine supports CPU time measurement for any thread; 
             false otherwise. 
*java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.resetPeakThreadCount()*

public void resetPeakThreadCount()

Resets the peak thread count to the current number of live threads. 


*java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.setThreadContentionMonitoringEnabled(boolean)*

public void setThreadContentionMonitoringEnabled(boolean enable)

Enables or disables thread contention monitoring. Thread contention monitoring 
is disabled by default. 

    enable - true to enable; false to disable. 

*java.lang.management.ThreadMXBean.setThreadCpuTimeEnabled(boolean)*

public void setThreadCpuTimeEnabled(boolean enable)

Enables or disables thread CPU time measurement. The default is platform 
dependent. 

    enable - true to enable; false to disable. 


