*javax.print.DocFlavor.URL* *DocFlavor.URL* Class DocFlavor.URL provides predefi

public static class DocFlavor.URL
  extends    |javax.print.DocFlavor|

|javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_Description|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_Fields|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_Constructors|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_Fields*
|javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.AUTOSENSE|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.GIF|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.JPEG|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.PCL|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.PDF|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.PNG|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.POSTSCRIPT|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.TEXT_HTML_HOST|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.TEXT_HTML_US_ASCII|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.TEXT_HTML_UTF_16|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.TEXT_HTML_UTF_16BE|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.TEXT_HTML_UTF_16LE|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.TEXT_HTML_UTF_8|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.TEXT_PLAIN_HOST|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.TEXT_PLAIN_US_ASCII|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.TEXT_PLAIN_UTF_16|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.TEXT_PLAIN_UTF_16BE|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.TEXT_PLAIN_UTF_16LE|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.TEXT_PLAIN_UTF_8|

*javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_Constructors*
|javax.print.DocFlavor.URL(String)|Constructs a new doc flavor with the given M

*javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_Description*

Class DocFlavor.URL provides predefined static constant DocFlavor objects. For 
example doc flavors using a Uniform Resource Locator ( 
<CODE>java.net.URL</CODE>(|java.net.URL|) ) as the print data representation 
class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.AUTOSENSE*

Class DocFlavor.URL provides predefined static constant DocFlavor objects. For 
example doc flavors using a Uniform Resource Locator ( 
<CODE>java.net.URL</CODE>(|java.net.URL|) ) as the print data representation 
class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.GIF*

Class DocFlavor.URL provides predefined static constant DocFlavor objects. For 
example doc flavors using a Uniform Resource Locator ( 
<CODE>java.net.URL</CODE>(|java.net.URL|) ) as the print data representation 
class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.JPEG*

Class DocFlavor.URL provides predefined static constant DocFlavor objects. For 
example doc flavors using a Uniform Resource Locator ( 
<CODE>java.net.URL</CODE>(|java.net.URL|) ) as the print data representation 
class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.PCL*

Class DocFlavor.URL provides predefined static constant DocFlavor objects. For 
example doc flavors using a Uniform Resource Locator ( 
<CODE>java.net.URL</CODE>(|java.net.URL|) ) as the print data representation 
class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.PDF*

Class DocFlavor.URL provides predefined static constant DocFlavor objects. For 
example doc flavors using a Uniform Resource Locator ( 
<CODE>java.net.URL</CODE>(|java.net.URL|) ) as the print data representation 
class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.PNG*

Class DocFlavor.URL provides predefined static constant DocFlavor objects. For 
example doc flavors using a Uniform Resource Locator ( 
<CODE>java.net.URL</CODE>(|java.net.URL|) ) as the print data representation 
class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.POSTSCRIPT*

Class DocFlavor.URL provides predefined static constant DocFlavor objects. For 
example doc flavors using a Uniform Resource Locator ( 
<CODE>java.net.URL</CODE>(|java.net.URL|) ) as the print data representation 
class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.TEXT_HTML_HOST*

Class DocFlavor.URL provides predefined static constant DocFlavor objects. For 
example doc flavors using a Uniform Resource Locator ( 
<CODE>java.net.URL</CODE>(|java.net.URL|) ) as the print data representation 
class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.TEXT_HTML_US_ASCII*

Class DocFlavor.URL provides predefined static constant DocFlavor objects. For 
example doc flavors using a Uniform Resource Locator ( 
<CODE>java.net.URL</CODE>(|java.net.URL|) ) as the print data representation 
class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.TEXT_HTML_UTF_16*

Class DocFlavor.URL provides predefined static constant DocFlavor objects. For 
example doc flavors using a Uniform Resource Locator ( 
<CODE>java.net.URL</CODE>(|java.net.URL|) ) as the print data representation 
class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.TEXT_HTML_UTF_16BE*

Class DocFlavor.URL provides predefined static constant DocFlavor objects. For 
example doc flavors using a Uniform Resource Locator ( 
<CODE>java.net.URL</CODE>(|java.net.URL|) ) as the print data representation 
class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.TEXT_HTML_UTF_16LE*

Class DocFlavor.URL provides predefined static constant DocFlavor objects. For 
example doc flavors using a Uniform Resource Locator ( 
<CODE>java.net.URL</CODE>(|java.net.URL|) ) as the print data representation 
class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.TEXT_HTML_UTF_8*

Class DocFlavor.URL provides predefined static constant DocFlavor objects. For 
example doc flavors using a Uniform Resource Locator ( 
<CODE>java.net.URL</CODE>(|java.net.URL|) ) as the print data representation 
class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.TEXT_PLAIN_HOST*

Class DocFlavor.URL provides predefined static constant DocFlavor objects. For 
example doc flavors using a Uniform Resource Locator ( 
<CODE>java.net.URL</CODE>(|java.net.URL|) ) as the print data representation 
class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.TEXT_PLAIN_US_ASCII*

Class DocFlavor.URL provides predefined static constant DocFlavor objects. For 
example doc flavors using a Uniform Resource Locator ( 
<CODE>java.net.URL</CODE>(|java.net.URL|) ) as the print data representation 
class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.TEXT_PLAIN_UTF_16*

Class DocFlavor.URL provides predefined static constant DocFlavor objects. For 
example doc flavors using a Uniform Resource Locator ( 
<CODE>java.net.URL</CODE>(|java.net.URL|) ) as the print data representation 
class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.TEXT_PLAIN_UTF_16BE*

Class DocFlavor.URL provides predefined static constant DocFlavor objects. For 
example doc flavors using a Uniform Resource Locator ( 
<CODE>java.net.URL</CODE>(|java.net.URL|) ) as the print data representation 
class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.TEXT_PLAIN_UTF_16LE*

Class DocFlavor.URL provides predefined static constant DocFlavor objects. For 
example doc flavors using a Uniform Resource Locator ( 
<CODE>java.net.URL</CODE>(|java.net.URL|) ) as the print data representation 
class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.URL_javax.print.DocFlavor.URL.TEXT_PLAIN_UTF_8*

Class DocFlavor.URL provides predefined static constant DocFlavor objects. For 
example doc flavors using a Uniform Resource Locator ( 
<CODE>java.net.URL</CODE>(|java.net.URL|) ) as the print data representation 
class. 



*javax.print.DocFlavor.URL(String)*

public DocFlavor.URL(java.lang.String mimeType)

Constructs a new doc flavor with the given MIME type and a print data 
representation class name of "java.net.URL". 

    mimeType - MIME media type string. 

