*javax.print.attribute.standard.PDLOverrideSupported* *PDLOverrideSupported* Cla

public class PDLOverrideSupported
  extends    |javax.print.attribute.EnumSyntax|
  implements |javax.print.attribute.PrintServiceAttribute|

|javax.print.attribute.standard.PDLOverrideSupported_Description|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PDLOverrideSupported_Fields|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PDLOverrideSupported_Constructors|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PDLOverrideSupported_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.print.attribute.standard.PDLOverrideSupported_Fields*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PDLOverrideSupported_javax.print.attribute.standard.PDLOverrideSupported.ATTEMPTED|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PDLOverrideSupported_javax.print.attribute.standard.PDLOverrideSupported.NOT_ATTEMPTED|

*javax.print.attribute.standard.PDLOverrideSupported_Constructors*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PDLOverrideSupported(int)|Construct a new PDL o

*javax.print.attribute.standard.PDLOverrideSupported_Methods*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PDLOverrideSupported.getCategory()|Get the prin
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PDLOverrideSupported.getEnumValueTable()|Return
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PDLOverrideSupported.getName()|Get the name of 
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PDLOverrideSupported.getStringTable()|Returns t

*javax.print.attribute.standard.PDLOverrideSupported_Description*

Class PDLOverrideSupported is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that 
expresses the printer's ability to attempt to override processing instructions 
embedded in documents' print data with processing instructions specified as 
attributes outside the print data. 

IPP Compatibility: The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.PDLOverrideSupported_javax.print.attribute.standard.PDLOverrideSupported.ATTEMPTED*

Class PDLOverrideSupported is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that 
expresses the printer's ability to attempt to override processing instructions 
embedded in documents' print data with processing instructions specified as 
attributes outside the print data. 

IPP Compatibility: The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.PDLOverrideSupported_javax.print.attribute.standard.PDLOverrideSupported.NOT_ATTEMPTED*

Class PDLOverrideSupported is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that 
expresses the printer's ability to attempt to override processing instructions 
embedded in documents' print data with processing instructions specified as 
attributes outside the print data. 

IPP Compatibility: The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 



*javax.print.attribute.standard.PDLOverrideSupported(int)*

protected PDLOverrideSupported(int value)

Construct a new PDL override supported enumeration value with the given integer 
value. 

    value - Integer value. 

*javax.print.attribute.standard.PDLOverrideSupported.getCategory()*

public final |java.lang.Class| getCategory()

Get the printing attribute class which is to be used as the "category" for this 
printing attribute value. 

For class PDLOverrideSupported and any vendor-defined subclasses, the category 
is class PDLOverrideSupported itself. 


    Returns: Printing attribute class (category), an instance of class {@link 
             java.lang.Class java.lang.Class}. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.PDLOverrideSupported.getEnumValueTable()*

protected |javax.print.attribute.EnumSyntax| getEnumValueTable()

Returns the enumeration value table for class PDLOverrideSupported. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.PDLOverrideSupported.getName()*

public final |java.lang.String| getName()

Get the name of the category of which this attribute value is an instance. 

For class PDLOverrideSupported and any vendor-defined subclasses, the category 
name is "pdl-override-supported". 


    Returns: Attribute category name. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.PDLOverrideSupported.getStringTable()*

protected |java.lang.String| getStringTable()

Returns the string table for class PDLOverrideSupported. 



