*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState* *JobState* JobState is a printing attr

public class JobState
  extends    |javax.print.attribute.EnumSyntax|
  implements |javax.print.attribute.PrintJobAttribute|

|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState_Description|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState_Fields|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState_Constructors|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState_Fields*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState_javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState.ABORTED|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState_javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState.CANCELED|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState_javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState.COMPLETED|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState_javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState.PENDING|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState_javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState.PENDING_HELD|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState_javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState.PROCESSING|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState_javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState.PROCESSING_STOPPED|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState_javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState.UNKNOWN|

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState_Constructors*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState(int)|Construct a new job state enumera

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState_Methods*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState.getCategory()|Get the printing attribu
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState.getEnumValueTable()|Returns the enumer
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState.getName()|Get the name of the category
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState.getStringTable()|Returns the string ta

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState_Description*

JobState is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that identifies the 
current state of a print job. Class JobState defines standard job state values. 
A Print Service implementation only needs to report those job states which are 
appropriate for the particular implementation; it does not have to report every 
defined job state. The 
JobStateReasons(|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobStateReasons|) attribute 
augments the JobState attribute to give more detailed information about the job 
in the given job state. 

IPP Compatibility: The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState_javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState.ABORTED*

JobState is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that identifies the 
current state of a print job. Class JobState defines standard job state values. 
A Print Service implementation only needs to report those job states which are 
appropriate for the particular implementation; it does not have to report every 
defined job state. The 
JobStateReasons(|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobStateReasons|) attribute 
augments the JobState attribute to give more detailed information about the job 
in the given job state. 

IPP Compatibility: The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState_javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState.CANCELED*

JobState is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that identifies the 
current state of a print job. Class JobState defines standard job state values. 
A Print Service implementation only needs to report those job states which are 
appropriate for the particular implementation; it does not have to report every 
defined job state. The 
JobStateReasons(|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobStateReasons|) attribute 
augments the JobState attribute to give more detailed information about the job 
in the given job state. 

IPP Compatibility: The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState_javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState.COMPLETED*

JobState is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that identifies the 
current state of a print job. Class JobState defines standard job state values. 
A Print Service implementation only needs to report those job states which are 
appropriate for the particular implementation; it does not have to report every 
defined job state. The 
JobStateReasons(|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobStateReasons|) attribute 
augments the JobState attribute to give more detailed information about the job 
in the given job state. 

IPP Compatibility: The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState_javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState.PENDING*

JobState is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that identifies the 
current state of a print job. Class JobState defines standard job state values. 
A Print Service implementation only needs to report those job states which are 
appropriate for the particular implementation; it does not have to report every 
defined job state. The 
JobStateReasons(|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobStateReasons|) attribute 
augments the JobState attribute to give more detailed information about the job 
in the given job state. 

IPP Compatibility: The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState_javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState.PENDING_HELD*

JobState is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that identifies the 
current state of a print job. Class JobState defines standard job state values. 
A Print Service implementation only needs to report those job states which are 
appropriate for the particular implementation; it does not have to report every 
defined job state. The 
JobStateReasons(|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobStateReasons|) attribute 
augments the JobState attribute to give more detailed information about the job 
in the given job state. 

IPP Compatibility: The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState_javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState.PROCESSING*

JobState is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that identifies the 
current state of a print job. Class JobState defines standard job state values. 
A Print Service implementation only needs to report those job states which are 
appropriate for the particular implementation; it does not have to report every 
defined job state. The 
JobStateReasons(|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobStateReasons|) attribute 
augments the JobState attribute to give more detailed information about the job 
in the given job state. 

IPP Compatibility: The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState_javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState.PROCESSING_STOPPED*

JobState is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that identifies the 
current state of a print job. Class JobState defines standard job state values. 
A Print Service implementation only needs to report those job states which are 
appropriate for the particular implementation; it does not have to report every 
defined job state. The 
JobStateReasons(|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobStateReasons|) attribute 
augments the JobState attribute to give more detailed information about the job 
in the given job state. 

IPP Compatibility: The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState_javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState.UNKNOWN*

JobState is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that identifies the 
current state of a print job. Class JobState defines standard job state values. 
A Print Service implementation only needs to report those job states which are 
appropriate for the particular implementation; it does not have to report every 
defined job state. The 
JobStateReasons(|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobStateReasons|) attribute 
augments the JobState attribute to give more detailed information about the job 
in the given job state. 

IPP Compatibility: The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 



*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState(int)*

protected JobState(int value)

Construct a new job state enumeration value with the given integer value. 

    value - Integer value. 

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState.getCategory()*

public final |java.lang.Class| getCategory()

Get the printing attribute class which is to be used as the "category" for this 
printing attribute value. 

For class JobState and any vendor-defined subclasses, the category is class 
JobState itself. 


    Returns: Printing attribute class (category), an instance of class {@link 
             java.lang.Class java.lang.Class}. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState.getEnumValueTable()*

protected |javax.print.attribute.EnumSyntax| getEnumValueTable()

Returns the enumeration value table for class JobState. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState.getName()*

public final |java.lang.String| getName()

Get the name of the category of which this attribute value is an instance. 

For class JobState and any vendor-defined subclasses, the category name is 
"job-state". 


    Returns: Attribute category name. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState.getStringTable()*

protected |java.lang.String| getStringTable()

Returns the string table for class JobState. 



