*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport* *OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport* 

public class OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport
  extends    |javax.management.MBeanConstructorInfo|
  implements |javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfo|
             |java.io.Serializable|

|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport_Description|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport_Fields|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport_Constructors|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport_Constructors*
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport(String,String,OpenMBeanParameterInfo[])|

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport_Methods*
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport.equals(Object)|Comp
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport.hashCode()|Returns 
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport.toString()|Returns 

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport_Description*

Describes a constructor of an Open MBean. 


*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport(String,String,OpenMBeanParameterInfo[])*

public OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String description,
  javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfo[] signature)

Constructs an OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport instance, which describes the 
constructor of a class of open MBeans with the specified name, description and 
signature. 

The signature array parameter is internally copied, so that subsequent changes 
to the array referenced by signature have no effect on this instance. 

    name - cannot be a null or empty string. 
    description - cannot be a null or empty string. 
    signature - can be null or empty if there are no parameters to describe. 

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object obj)

Compares the specified obj parameter with this OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport 
instance for equality. 

Returns true if and only if all of the following statements are true: 

obj is non null, obj also implements the OpenMBeanConstructorInfo interface, 
their names are equal their signatures are equal. 

This ensures that this equals method works properly for obj parameters which 
are different implementations of the OpenMBeanConstructorInfo interface. 

    obj - the object to be compared for equality with this 
       OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport instance; 

    Returns: true if the specified object is equal to this OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport 
             instance. 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()

Returns the hash code value for this OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport instance. 

The hash code of an OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport instance is the sum of the 
hash codes of all elements of information used in equals comparisons (ie: its 
name and signature, where the signature hashCode is calculated by a call to 
java.util.Arrays.asList(this.getSignature).hashCode()). 

This ensures that t1.equals(t2) implies that t1.hashCode()==t2.hashCode() for 
any two OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport instances t1 and t2, as required by the 
general contract of the method Object.hashCode()(|java.lang.Object|) . 

However, note that another instance of a class implementing the 
OpenMBeanConstructorInfo interface may be equal to this 
OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport instance as defined by 
(|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport|) , but may have a 
different hash code if it is calculated differently. 

As OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport instances are immutable, the hash code for 
this instance is calculated once, on the first call to hashCode, and then the 
same value is returned for subsequent calls. 


    Returns: the hash code value for this OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport instance 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a string representation of this OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport 
instance. 

The string representation consists of the name of this class (ie 
javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport), and of the name 
and signature of the described constructor. 

As OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport instances are immutable, the string 
representation for this instance is calculated once, on the first call to 
toString, and then the same value is returned for subsequent calls. 


    Returns: a string representation of this OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport instance 

