*javax.swing.JRadioButton* *JRadioButton* An implementation of a radio button --

public class JRadioButton
  extends    |javax.swing.JToggleButton|
  implements |javax.accessibility.Accessible|

|javax.swing.JRadioButton_Description|
|javax.swing.JRadioButton_Fields|
|javax.swing.JRadioButton_Constructors|
|javax.swing.JRadioButton_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.swing.JRadioButton_Constructors*
|javax.swing.JRadioButton()|Creates an initially unselected radio button  with 
|javax.swing.JRadioButton(Action)|Creates a radiobutton where properties are ta
|javax.swing.JRadioButton(Icon)|Creates an initially unselected radio button  w
|javax.swing.JRadioButton(Icon,boolean)|Creates a radio button with the specifi
|javax.swing.JRadioButton(String)|Creates an unselected radio button with the s
|javax.swing.JRadioButton(String,boolean)|Creates a radio button with the speci
|javax.swing.JRadioButton(String,Icon)|Creates a radio button that has the spec
|javax.swing.JRadioButton(String,Icon,boolean)|Creates a radio button that has 

*javax.swing.JRadioButton_Methods*
|javax.swing.JRadioButton.configurePropertiesFromAction(Action)|Factory method 
|javax.swing.JRadioButton.createActionPropertyChangeListener(Action)|Factory me
|javax.swing.JRadioButton.getAccessibleContext()|Gets the AccessibleContext ass
|javax.swing.JRadioButton.getUIClassID()|Returns the name of the Lclass  that r
|javax.swing.JRadioButton.paramString()|Returns a string representation of this
|javax.swing.JRadioButton.updateUI()|Resets the UI property to a value from the

*javax.swing.JRadioButton_Description*

An implementation of a radio button -- an item that can be selected or 
deselected, and which displays its state to the user. Used with a 
(|javax.swing.ButtonGroup|) object to create a group of buttons in which only 
one button at a time can be selected. (Create a ButtonGroup object and use its 
add method to include the JRadioButton objects in the group.) 

Note: The ButtonGroup object is a logical grouping -- not a physical grouping. 
Tocreate a button panel, you should still create a (|javax.swing.JPanel|) or 
similar container-object and add a (|javax.swing.border.Border|) to it to set 
it off from surrounding components. 

See How to Use Buttons, Check Boxes, and Radio Buttons in The Java Tutorial for 
further documentation. 

Warning: Serialized objects of this class will not be compatible with future 
Swing releases. The current serialization support is appropriate for short term 
storage or RMI between applications running the same version of Swing. As of 
1.4, support for long term storage of all JavaBeansTM has been added to the 
java.beans package. Please see (|java.beans.XMLEncoder|) . 


*javax.swing.JRadioButton()*

public JRadioButton()

Creates an initially unselected radio button with no set text. 


*javax.swing.JRadioButton(Action)*

public JRadioButton(javax.swing.Action a)

Creates a radiobutton where properties are taken from the Action supplied. 


*javax.swing.JRadioButton(Icon)*

public JRadioButton(javax.swing.Icon icon)

Creates an initially unselected radio button with the specified image but no 
text. 

    icon - the image that the button should display 

*javax.swing.JRadioButton(Icon,boolean)*

public JRadioButton(
  javax.swing.Icon icon,
  boolean selected)

Creates a radio button with the specified image and selection state, but no 
text. 

    icon - the image that the button should display 
    selected - if true, the button is initially selected; otherwise, the button is initially 
       unselected 

*javax.swing.JRadioButton(String)*

public JRadioButton(java.lang.String text)

Creates an unselected radio button with the specified text. 

    text - the string displayed on the radio button 

*javax.swing.JRadioButton(String,boolean)*

public JRadioButton(
  java.lang.String text,
  boolean selected)

Creates a radio button with the specified text and selection state. 

    text - the string displayed on the radio button 
    selected - if true, the button is initially selected; otherwise, the button is initially 
       unselected 

*javax.swing.JRadioButton(String,Icon)*

public JRadioButton(
  java.lang.String text,
  javax.swing.Icon icon)

Creates a radio button that has the specified text and image, and that is 
initially unselected. 

    text - the string displayed on the radio button 
    icon - the image that the button should display 

*javax.swing.JRadioButton(String,Icon,boolean)*

public JRadioButton(
  java.lang.String text,
  javax.swing.Icon icon,
  boolean selected)

Creates a radio button that has the specified text, image, and selection state. 

    text - the string displayed on the radio button 
    icon - the image that the button should display 

*javax.swing.JRadioButton.configurePropertiesFromAction(Action)*

protected void configurePropertiesFromAction(javax.swing.Action a)

Factory method which sets the ActionEvent source's properties according to 
values from the Action instance. The properties which are set may differ for 
subclasses. By default, the properties which get set are Text, Mnemonic, 
Enabled, ActionCommand, and ToolTipText. 

    a - the Action from which to get the properties, or null 

*javax.swing.JRadioButton.createActionPropertyChangeListener(Action)*

protected |java.beans.PropertyChangeListener| createActionPropertyChangeListener(javax.swing.Action a)

Factory method which creates the PropertyChangeListener used to update the 
ActionEvent source as properties change on its Action instance. Subclasses may 
override this in order to provide their own PropertyChangeListener if the set 
of properties which should be kept up to date differs from the default 
properties (Text, Icon, Enabled, ToolTipText). 

Note that PropertyChangeListeners should avoid holding strong references to the 
ActionEvent source, as this may hinder garbage collection of the ActionEvent 
source and all components in its containment hierarchy. 


*javax.swing.JRadioButton.getAccessibleContext()*

public |javax.accessibility.AccessibleContext| getAccessibleContext()

Gets the AccessibleContext associated with this JRadioButton. For 
JRadioButtons, the AccessibleContext takes the form of an 
AccessibleJRadioButton. A new AccessibleJRadioButton instance is created if 
necessary. 


    Returns: an AccessibleJRadioButton that serves as the AccessibleContext of this 
             JRadioButton 
*javax.swing.JRadioButton.getUIClassID()*

public |java.lang.String| getUIClassID()

Returns the name of the Lclass that renders this component. 


    Returns: String "RadioButtonUI" 
*javax.swing.JRadioButton.paramString()*

protected |java.lang.String| paramString()

Returns a string representation of this JRadioButton. This method is intended 
to be used only for debugging purposes, and the content and format of the 
returned string may vary between implementations. The returned string may be 
empty but may not be null. 


    Returns: a string representation of this JRadioButton. 
*javax.swing.JRadioButton.updateUI()*

public void updateUI()

Resets the UI property to a value from the current look and feel. 



