*javax.management.remote.JMXConnectionNotification* *JMXConnectionNotification* 

public class JMXConnectionNotification
  extends    |javax.management.Notification|

|javax.management.remote.JMXConnectionNotification_Description|
|javax.management.remote.JMXConnectionNotification_Fields|
|javax.management.remote.JMXConnectionNotification_Constructors|
|javax.management.remote.JMXConnectionNotification_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.management.remote.JMXConnectionNotification_Fields*
|java.lang.String_javax.management.remote.JMXConnectionNotification.CLOSED|
|java.lang.String_javax.management.remote.JMXConnectionNotification.FAILED|
|java.lang.String_javax.management.remote.JMXConnectionNotification.NOTIFS_LOST|
|java.lang.String_javax.management.remote.JMXConnectionNotification.OPENED|

*javax.management.remote.JMXConnectionNotification_Constructors*
|javax.management.remote.JMXConnectionNotification(String,Object,String,long,String,Object)|

*javax.management.remote.JMXConnectionNotification_Methods*
|javax.management.remote.JMXConnectionNotification.getConnectionId()|The connec

*javax.management.remote.JMXConnectionNotification_Description*

Notification emitted when a client connection is opened or closed or when 
notifications are lost. These notifications are sent by connector servers 
(instances of (|javax.management.remote.JMXConnectorServer|) ) and by connector 
clients (instances of (|javax.management.remote.JMXConnector|) ). For certain 
connectors, a session can consist of a sequence of connections. 
Connection-opened and connection-closed notifications will be sent for each 
one. 

The notification type is one of the following: 



Type Meaning 

jmx.remote.connection.opened A new client connection has been opened. 

jmx.remote.connection.closed A client connection has been closed. 

jmx.remote.connection.failed A client connection has failed unexpectedly. 

jmx.remote.connection.notifs.lost A client connection has potentially lost 
notifications. This notification only appears on the client side. 



The timeStamp of the notification is a time value (consistent with 
(|java.lang.System|) ) indicating when the notification was constructed. 


*java.lang.String_javax.management.remote.JMXConnectionNotification.CLOSED*

Notification emitted when a client connection is opened or closed or when 
notifications are lost. These notifications are sent by connector servers 
(instances of (|javax.management.remote.JMXConnectorServer|) ) and by connector 
clients (instances of (|javax.management.remote.JMXConnector|) ). For certain 
connectors, a session can consist of a sequence of connections. 
Connection-opened and connection-closed notifications will be sent for each 
one. 

The notification type is one of the following: 



Type Meaning 

jmx.remote.connection.opened A new client connection has been opened. 

jmx.remote.connection.closed A client connection has been closed. 

jmx.remote.connection.failed A client connection has failed unexpectedly. 

jmx.remote.connection.notifs.lost A client connection has potentially lost 
notifications. This notification only appears on the client side. 



The timeStamp of the notification is a time value (consistent with 
(|java.lang.System|) ) indicating when the notification was constructed. 


*java.lang.String_javax.management.remote.JMXConnectionNotification.FAILED*

Notification emitted when a client connection is opened or closed or when 
notifications are lost. These notifications are sent by connector servers 
(instances of (|javax.management.remote.JMXConnectorServer|) ) and by connector 
clients (instances of (|javax.management.remote.JMXConnector|) ). For certain 
connectors, a session can consist of a sequence of connections. 
Connection-opened and connection-closed notifications will be sent for each 
one. 

The notification type is one of the following: 



Type Meaning 

jmx.remote.connection.opened A new client connection has been opened. 

jmx.remote.connection.closed A client connection has been closed. 

jmx.remote.connection.failed A client connection has failed unexpectedly. 

jmx.remote.connection.notifs.lost A client connection has potentially lost 
notifications. This notification only appears on the client side. 



The timeStamp of the notification is a time value (consistent with 
(|java.lang.System|) ) indicating when the notification was constructed. 


*java.lang.String_javax.management.remote.JMXConnectionNotification.NOTIFS_LOST*

Notification emitted when a client connection is opened or closed or when 
notifications are lost. These notifications are sent by connector servers 
(instances of (|javax.management.remote.JMXConnectorServer|) ) and by connector 
clients (instances of (|javax.management.remote.JMXConnector|) ). For certain 
connectors, a session can consist of a sequence of connections. 
Connection-opened and connection-closed notifications will be sent for each 
one. 

The notification type is one of the following: 



Type Meaning 

jmx.remote.connection.opened A new client connection has been opened. 

jmx.remote.connection.closed A client connection has been closed. 

jmx.remote.connection.failed A client connection has failed unexpectedly. 

jmx.remote.connection.notifs.lost A client connection has potentially lost 
notifications. This notification only appears on the client side. 



The timeStamp of the notification is a time value (consistent with 
(|java.lang.System|) ) indicating when the notification was constructed. 


*java.lang.String_javax.management.remote.JMXConnectionNotification.OPENED*

Notification emitted when a client connection is opened or closed or when 
notifications are lost. These notifications are sent by connector servers 
(instances of (|javax.management.remote.JMXConnectorServer|) ) and by connector 
clients (instances of (|javax.management.remote.JMXConnector|) ). For certain 
connectors, a session can consist of a sequence of connections. 
Connection-opened and connection-closed notifications will be sent for each 
one. 

The notification type is one of the following: 



Type Meaning 

jmx.remote.connection.opened A new client connection has been opened. 

jmx.remote.connection.closed A client connection has been closed. 

jmx.remote.connection.failed A client connection has failed unexpectedly. 

jmx.remote.connection.notifs.lost A client connection has potentially lost 
notifications. This notification only appears on the client side. 



The timeStamp of the notification is a time value (consistent with 
(|java.lang.System|) ) indicating when the notification was constructed. 



*javax.management.remote.JMXConnectionNotification(String,Object,String,long,String,Object)*

public JMXConnectionNotification(
  java.lang.String type,
  java.lang.Object source,
  java.lang.String connectionId,
  long sequenceNumber,
  java.lang.String message,
  java.lang.Object userData)

Constructs a new connection notification. The 
source(|javax.management.remote.JMXConnectionNotification|) of the notification 
depends on whether it is being sent by a connector server or a connector 
client: 



For a connector server, if it is registered in an MBean server, the source is 
the (|javax.management.ObjectName|) under which it is registered. Otherwise, it 
is a reference to the connector server object itself, an instance of a subclass 
of (|javax.management.remote.JMXConnectorServer|) . 

For a connector client, the source is a reference to the connector client 
object, an instance of a class implementing 
(|javax.management.remote.JMXConnector|) . 



    type - the type of the notification. This is usually one of the constants {@link 
       #OPENED}, {@link #CLOSED}, {@link #FAILED}, {@link #NOTIFS_LOST}. It is 
       not an error for it to be a different string. 
    source - the connector server or client emitting the notification. 
    connectionId - the ID of the connection within its connector server. 
    sequenceNumber - a non-negative integer. It is expected but not required that this number will 
       be greater than any previous sequenceNumber in a notification from this 
       source. 
    message - an unspecified text message, typically containing a human-readable description 
       of the event. Can be null. 
    userData - an object whose type and meaning is defined by the connector server. Can be 
       null. 

*javax.management.remote.JMXConnectionNotification.getConnectionId()*

public |java.lang.String| getConnectionId()

The connection ID to which this notification pertains. 


    Returns: the connection ID. 

