*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport* *OpenMBeanInfoSupport* The Ope

public class OpenMBeanInfoSupport
  extends    |javax.management.MBeanInfo|
  implements |javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo|
             |java.io.Serializable|

|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport_Description|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport_Fields|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport_Constructors|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport_Constructors*
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport(String,String,OpenMBeanAttributeInfo[],OpenMBeanConstructorInfo[],OpenMBeanOperationInfo[],MBeanNotificationInfo[])|

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport_Methods*
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport.equals(Object)|Compares the sp
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport.hashCode()|Returns the hash co
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport.toString()|Returns a string re

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport_Description*

The OpenMBeanInfoSupport class describes the management information of an open 
MBean: it is a subclass of (|javax.management.MBeanInfo|) , and it implements 
the (|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo|) interface. Note that an open 
MBean is recognized as such if its getMBeanInfo() method returns an instance of 
a class which implements the OpenMBeanInfo interface, typically 
OpenMBeanInfoSupport. 


*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport(String,String,OpenMBeanAttributeInfo[],OpenMBeanConstructorInfo[],OpenMBeanOperationInfo[],MBeanNotificationInfo[])*

public OpenMBeanInfoSupport(
  java.lang.String className,
  java.lang.String description,
  javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfo[] openAttributes,
  javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfo[] openConstructors,
  javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo[] openOperations,
  javax.management.MBeanNotificationInfo[] notifications)

Constructs an OpenMBeanInfoSupport instance, which describes a class of open 
MBeans with the specified className, description, openAttributes, 
openConstructors , openOperations and notifications. 

The openAttributes, openConstructors, openOperations and notifications array 
parameters are internally copied, so that subsequent changes to the arrays 
referenced by these parameters have no effect on this instance. 

    className - The fully qualified Java class name of the open MBean described by this 
       OpenMBeanInfoSupport instance. 
    description - A human readable description of the open MBean described by this 
       OpenMBeanInfoSupport instance. 
    openAttributes - The list of exposed attributes of the described open MBean; Must be an array of 
       instances of a subclass of MBeanAttributeInfo, typically 
       OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport. 
    openConstructors - The list of exposed public constructors of the described open MBean; Must be an 
       array of instances of a subclass of MBeanConstructorInfo, typically 
       OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport. 
    openOperations - The list of exposed operations of the described open MBean. Must be an array of 
       instances of a subclass of MBeanOperationInfo, typically 
       OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport. 
    notifications - The list of notifications emitted by the described open MBean. 

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object obj)

Compares the specified obj parameter with this OpenMBeanInfoSupport instance 
for equality. 

Returns true if and only if all of the following statements are true: 

obj is non null, obj also implements the OpenMBeanInfo interface, their class 
names are equal their infos on attributes, constructors, operations and 
notifications are equal 

This ensures that this equals method works properly for obj parameters which 
are different implementations of the OpenMBeanInfo interface. 

    obj - the object to be compared for equality with this OpenMBeanInfoSupport instance; 

    Returns: true if the specified object is equal to this OpenMBeanInfoSupport instance. 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()

Returns the hash code value for this OpenMBeanInfoSupport instance. 

The hash code of an OpenMBeanInfoSupport instance is the sum of the hash codes 
of all elements of information used in equals comparisons (ie: its class name, 
and its infos on attributes, constructors, operations and notifications, where 
the hashCode of each of these arrays is calculated by a call to new 
java.util.HashSet(java.util.Arrays.asList(this.getSignature)).hashCode()). 

This ensures that t1.equals(t2) implies that t1.hashCode()==t2.hashCode() for 
any two OpenMBeanInfoSupport instances t1 and t2, as required by the general 
contract of the method Object.hashCode()(|java.lang.Object|) . 

However, note that another instance of a class implementing the OpenMBeanInfo 
interface may be equal to this OpenMBeanInfoSupport instance as defined by 
(|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport|) , but may have a different 
hash code if it is calculated differently. 

As OpenMBeanInfoSupport instances are immutable, the hash code for this 
instance is calculated once, on the first call to hashCode, and then the same 
value is returned for subsequent calls. 


    Returns: the hash code value for this OpenMBeanInfoSupport instance 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a string representation of this OpenMBeanInfoSupport instance. 

The string representation consists of the name of this class (ie 
javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport), the MBean class name, and the 
string representation of infos on attributes, constructors, operations and 
notifications of the described MBean. 

As OpenMBeanInfoSupport instances are immutable, the string representation for 
this instance is calculated once, on the first call to toString, and then the 
same value is returned for subsequent calls. 


    Returns: a string representation of this OpenMBeanInfoSupport instance 

