*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute* *CSS.Attribute* Definitions to be used as 

public static final class CSS.Attribute
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_Description|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_Fields|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_Constructors|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_Fields*
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BACKGROUND|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BACKGROUND_ATTACHMENT|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BACKGROUND_COLOR|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BACKGROUND_IMAGE|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BACKGROUND_POSITION|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BACKGROUND_REPEAT|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BORDER|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BORDER_BOTTOM|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BORDER_BOTTOM_WIDTH|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BORDER_COLOR|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BORDER_LEFT|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BORDER_LEFT_WIDTH|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BORDER_RIGHT|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BORDER_RIGHT_WIDTH|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BORDER_STYLE|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BORDER_TOP|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BORDER_TOP_WIDTH|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BORDER_WIDTH|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.CLEAR|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.COLOR|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.DISPLAY|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.FLOAT|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.FONT|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.FONT_FAMILY|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.FONT_SIZE|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.FONT_STYLE|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.FONT_VARIANT|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.FONT_WEIGHT|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.HEIGHT|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.LETTER_SPACING|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.LINE_HEIGHT|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.LIST_STYLE|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.LIST_STYLE_IMAGE|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.LIST_STYLE_POSITION|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.LIST_STYLE_TYPE|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.MARGIN|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.MARGIN_BOTTOM|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.MARGIN_LEFT|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.MARGIN_RIGHT|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.MARGIN_TOP|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.PADDING|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.PADDING_BOTTOM|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.PADDING_LEFT|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.PADDING_RIGHT|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.PADDING_TOP|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.TEXT_ALIGN|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.TEXT_DECORATION|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.TEXT_INDENT|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.TEXT_TRANSFORM|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.VERTICAL_ALIGN|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.WHITE_SPACE|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.WIDTH|
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.WORD_SPACING|

*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_Methods*
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.getDefaultValue()|Fetch the default value 
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.isInherited()|Indicates if the attribute s
|javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.toString()|The string representation of th

*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_Description*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BACKGROUND*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BACKGROUND_ATTACHMENT*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BACKGROUND_COLOR*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BACKGROUND_IMAGE*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BACKGROUND_POSITION*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BACKGROUND_REPEAT*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BORDER*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BORDER_BOTTOM*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BORDER_BOTTOM_WIDTH*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BORDER_COLOR*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BORDER_LEFT*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BORDER_LEFT_WIDTH*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BORDER_RIGHT*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BORDER_RIGHT_WIDTH*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BORDER_STYLE*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BORDER_TOP*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BORDER_TOP_WIDTH*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.BORDER_WIDTH*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.CLEAR*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.COLOR*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.DISPLAY*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.FLOAT*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.FONT*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.FONT_FAMILY*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.FONT_SIZE*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.FONT_STYLE*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.FONT_VARIANT*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.FONT_WEIGHT*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.HEIGHT*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.LETTER_SPACING*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.LINE_HEIGHT*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.LIST_STYLE*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.LIST_STYLE_IMAGE*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.LIST_STYLE_POSITION*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.LIST_STYLE_TYPE*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.MARGIN*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.MARGIN_BOTTOM*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.MARGIN_LEFT*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.MARGIN_RIGHT*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.MARGIN_TOP*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.PADDING*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.PADDING_BOTTOM*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.PADDING_LEFT*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.PADDING_RIGHT*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.PADDING_TOP*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.TEXT_ALIGN*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.TEXT_DECORATION*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.TEXT_INDENT*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.TEXT_TRANSFORM*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.VERTICAL_ALIGN*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.WHITE_SPACE*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.WIDTH*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute_javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.WORD_SPACING*

Definitions to be used as a key on AttributeSet's that might hold CSS 
attributes. Since this is a closed set (i.e. defined exactly by the 
specification), it is final and cannot be extended. 



*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.getDefaultValue()*

public |java.lang.String| getDefaultValue()

Fetch the default value for the attribute. If there is no default value (such 
as for composite attributes), null will be returned. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.isInherited()*

public boolean isInherited()

Indicates if the attribute should be inherited from the parent or not. 


*javax.swing.text.html.CSS.Attribute.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

The string representation of the attribute. This should exactly match the 
string specified in the CSS specification. 



