*java.util.zip.Inflater* *Inflater* This class provides support for general purp

public class Inflater
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|java.util.zip.Inflater_Description|
|java.util.zip.Inflater_Fields|
|java.util.zip.Inflater_Constructors|
|java.util.zip.Inflater_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.util.zip.Inflater_Constructors*
|java.util.zip.Inflater()|Creates a new decompressor.
|java.util.zip.Inflater(boolean)|Creates a new decompressor.

*java.util.zip.Inflater_Methods*
|java.util.zip.Inflater.end()|Closes the decompressor and discards any unproces
|java.util.zip.Inflater.finalize()|Closes the decompressor when garbage is coll
|java.util.zip.Inflater.finished()|Returns true if the end of the compressed da
|java.util.zip.Inflater.getAdler()|Returns the ADLER-32 value of the uncompress
|java.util.zip.Inflater.getBytesRead()|Returns the total number of compressed b
|java.util.zip.Inflater.getBytesWritten()|Returns the total number of uncompres
|java.util.zip.Inflater.getRemaining()|Returns the total number of bytes remain
|java.util.zip.Inflater.getTotalIn()|Returns the total number of compressed byt
|java.util.zip.Inflater.getTotalOut()|Returns the total number of uncompressed 
|java.util.zip.Inflater.inflate(byte[])|Uncompresses bytes into specified buffe
|java.util.zip.Inflater.inflate(byte[],int,int)|Uncompresses bytes into specifi
|java.util.zip.Inflater.needsDictionary()|Returns true if a preset dictionary i
|java.util.zip.Inflater.needsInput()|Returns true if no data remains in the inp
|java.util.zip.Inflater.reset()|Resets inflater so that a new set of input data
|java.util.zip.Inflater.setDictionary(byte[])|Sets the preset dictionary to the
|java.util.zip.Inflater.setDictionary(byte[],int,int)|Sets the preset dictionar
|java.util.zip.Inflater.setInput(byte[])|Sets input data for decompression.
|java.util.zip.Inflater.setInput(byte[],int,int)|Sets input data for decompress

*java.util.zip.Inflater_Description*

This class provides support for general purpose decompression using the popular 
ZLIB compression library. The ZLIB compression library was initially developed 
as part of the PNG graphics standard and is not protected by patents. It is 
fully described in the specifications at the java.util.zip package description. 

The following code fragment demonstrates a trivial compression and 
decompression of a string using Deflater and Inflater. 



// Encode a String into bytes String inputString = "blahblahblah€€"; byte[] 
input = inputString.getBytes("UTF-8"); 

// Compress the bytes byte[] output = new byte[100]; Deflater compresser = new 
Deflater(); compresser.setInput(input); compresser.finish(); int 
compressedDataLength = compresser.deflate(output); 

// Decompress the bytes Inflater decompresser = new Inflater(); 
decompresser.setInput(output, 0, compressedDataLength); byte[] result = new 
byte[100]; int resultLength = decompresser.inflate(result); decompresser.end(); 

// Decode the bytes into a String String outputString = new String(result, 0, 
resultLength, "UTF-8"); 


*java.util.zip.Inflater()*

public Inflater()

Creates a new decompressor. 


*java.util.zip.Inflater(boolean)*

public Inflater(boolean nowrap)

Creates a new decompressor. If the parameter 'nowrap' is true then the ZLIB 
header and checksum fields will not be used. This provides compatibility with 
the compression format used by both GZIP and PKZIP. 

Note: When using the 'nowrap' option it is also necessary to provide an extra 
"dummy" byte as input. This is required by the ZLIB native library in order to 
support certain optimizations. 

    nowrap - if true then support GZIP compatible compression 

*java.util.zip.Inflater.end()*

public synchronized void end()

Closes the decompressor and discards any unprocessed input. This method should 
be called when the decompressor is no longer being used, but will also be 
called automatically by the finalize() method. Once this method is called, the 
behavior of the Inflater object is undefined. 


*java.util.zip.Inflater.finalize()*

protected void finalize()

Closes the decompressor when garbage is collected. 


*java.util.zip.Inflater.finished()*

public synchronized boolean finished()

Returns true if the end of the compressed data stream has been reached. 


    Returns: true if the end of the compressed data stream has been reached 
*java.util.zip.Inflater.getAdler()*

public synchronized int getAdler()

Returns the ADLER-32 value of the uncompressed data. 


    Returns: the ADLER-32 value of the uncompressed data 
*java.util.zip.Inflater.getBytesRead()*

public synchronized long getBytesRead()

Returns the total number of compressed bytes input so far. 


    Returns: the total (non-negative) number of compressed bytes input so far 
*java.util.zip.Inflater.getBytesWritten()*

public synchronized long getBytesWritten()

Returns the total number of uncompressed bytes output so far. 


    Returns: the total (non-negative) number of uncompressed bytes output so far 
*java.util.zip.Inflater.getRemaining()*

public synchronized int getRemaining()

Returns the total number of bytes remaining in the input buffer. This can be 
used to find out what bytes still remain in the input buffer after 
decompression has finished. 


    Returns: the total number of bytes remaining in the input buffer 
*java.util.zip.Inflater.getTotalIn()*

public int getTotalIn()

Returns the total number of compressed bytes input so far. 

Since the number of bytes may be greater than Integer.MAX_VALUE, the 
(|java.util.zip.Inflater|) method is now the preferred means of obtaining this 
information. 


    Returns: the total number of compressed bytes input so far 
*java.util.zip.Inflater.getTotalOut()*

public int getTotalOut()

Returns the total number of uncompressed bytes output so far. 

Since the number of bytes may be greater than Integer.MAX_VALUE, the 
(|java.util.zip.Inflater|) method is now the preferred means of obtaining this 
information. 


    Returns: the total number of uncompressed bytes output so far 
*java.util.zip.Inflater.inflate(byte[])*

public int inflate(byte[] b)
  throws |java.util.zip.DataFormatException|
         
Uncompresses bytes into specified buffer. Returns actual number of bytes 
uncompressed. A return value of 0 indicates that needsInput() or 
needsDictionary() should be called in order to determine if more input data or 
a preset dictionary is required. In the later case, getAdler() can be used to 
get the Adler-32 value of the dictionary required. 

    b - the buffer for the uncompressed data 

    Returns: the actual number of uncompressed bytes 
*java.util.zip.Inflater.inflate(byte[],int,int)*

public synchronized int inflate(
  byte[] b,
  int off,
  int len)
  throws |java.util.zip.DataFormatException|
         
Uncompresses bytes into specified buffer. Returns actual number of bytes 
uncompressed. A return value of 0 indicates that needsInput() or 
needsDictionary() should be called in order to determine if more input data or 
a preset dictionary is required. In the later case, getAdler() can be used to 
get the Adler-32 value of the dictionary required. 

    b - the buffer for the uncompressed data 
    off - the start offset of the data 
    len - the maximum number of uncompressed bytes 

    Returns: the actual number of uncompressed bytes 
*java.util.zip.Inflater.needsDictionary()*

public synchronized boolean needsDictionary()

Returns true if a preset dictionary is needed for decompression. 


    Returns: true if a preset dictionary is needed for decompression 
*java.util.zip.Inflater.needsInput()*

public synchronized boolean needsInput()

Returns true if no data remains in the input buffer. This can be used to 
determine if #setInput should be called in order to provide more input. 


    Returns: true if no data remains in the input buffer 
*java.util.zip.Inflater.reset()*

public synchronized void reset()

Resets inflater so that a new set of input data can be processed. 


*java.util.zip.Inflater.setDictionary(byte[])*

public void setDictionary(byte[] b)

Sets the preset dictionary to the given array of bytes. Should be called when 
inflate() returns 0 and needsDictionary() returns true indicating that a preset 
dictionary is required. The method getAdler() can be used to get the Adler-32 
value of the dictionary needed. 

    b - the dictionary data bytes 

*java.util.zip.Inflater.setDictionary(byte[],int,int)*

public synchronized void setDictionary(
  byte[] b,
  int off,
  int len)

Sets the preset dictionary to the given array of bytes. Should be called when 
inflate() returns 0 and needsDictionary() returns true indicating that a preset 
dictionary is required. The method getAdler() can be used to get the Adler-32 
value of the dictionary needed. 

    b - the dictionary data bytes 
    off - the start offset of the data 
    len - the length of the data 

*java.util.zip.Inflater.setInput(byte[])*

public void setInput(byte[] b)

Sets input data for decompression. Should be called whenever needsInput() 
returns true indicating that more input data is required. 

    b - the input data bytes 

*java.util.zip.Inflater.setInput(byte[],int,int)*

public synchronized void setInput(
  byte[] b,
  int off,
  int len)

Sets input data for decompression. Should be called whenever needsInput() 
returns true indicating that more input data is required. 

    b - the input data bytes 
    off - the start offset of the input data 
    len - the length of the input data 


