*java.lang.reflect.Array* *Array* The Array class provides static methods to dyn

public final class Array
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|java.lang.reflect.Array_Description|
|java.lang.reflect.Array_Fields|
|java.lang.reflect.Array_Constructors|
|java.lang.reflect.Array_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.lang.reflect.Array_Methods*
|java.lang.reflect.Array.get(Object,int)|Returns the value of the indexed compo
|java.lang.reflect.Array.getBoolean(Object,int)|Returns the value of the indexe
|java.lang.reflect.Array.getByte(Object,int)|Returns the value of the indexed c
|java.lang.reflect.Array.getChar(Object,int)|Returns the value of the indexed c
|java.lang.reflect.Array.getDouble(Object,int)|Returns the value of the indexed
|java.lang.reflect.Array.getFloat(Object,int)|Returns the value of the indexed 
|java.lang.reflect.Array.getInt(Object,int)|Returns the value of the indexed co
|java.lang.reflect.Array.getLength(Object)|Returns the length of the specified 
|java.lang.reflect.Array.getLong(Object,int)|Returns the value of the indexed c
|java.lang.reflect.Array.getShort(Object,int)|Returns the value of the indexed 
|java.lang.reflect.Array.newInstance(Class,int)|Creates a new array with the sp
|java.lang.reflect.Array.newInstance(Class,int[])|Creates a new array  with the
|java.lang.reflect.Array.set(Object,int,Object)|Sets the value of the indexed c
|java.lang.reflect.Array.setBoolean(Object,int,boolean)|Sets the value of the i
|java.lang.reflect.Array.setByte(Object,int,byte)|Sets the value of the indexed
|java.lang.reflect.Array.setChar(Object,int,char)|Sets the value of the indexed
|java.lang.reflect.Array.setDouble(Object,int,double)|Sets the value of the ind
|java.lang.reflect.Array.setFloat(Object,int,float)|Sets the value of the index
|java.lang.reflect.Array.setInt(Object,int,int)|Sets the value of the indexed c
|java.lang.reflect.Array.setLong(Object,int,long)|Sets the value of the indexed
|java.lang.reflect.Array.setShort(Object,int,short)|Sets the value of the index

*java.lang.reflect.Array_Description*

The Array class provides static methods to dynamically create and access Java 
arrays. 

Array permits widening conversions to occur during a get or set operation, but 
throws an IllegalArgumentException if a narrowing conversion would occur. 


*java.lang.reflect.Array.get(Object,int)*

public static native |java.lang.Object| get(
  java.lang.Object array,
  int index)
  throws |java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException|
         |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         
Returns the value of the indexed component in the specified array object. The 
value is automatically wrapped in an object if it has a primitive type. 

    array - the array 
    index - the index 

    Returns: the (possibly wrapped) value of the indexed component in the specified array 
*java.lang.reflect.Array.getBoolean(Object,int)*

public static native boolean getBoolean(
  java.lang.Object array,
  int index)
  throws |java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException|
         |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         
Returns the value of the indexed component in the specified array object, as a 
boolean. 

    array - the array 
    index - the index 

    Returns: the value of the indexed component in the specified array 
*java.lang.reflect.Array.getByte(Object,int)*

public static native byte getByte(
  java.lang.Object array,
  int index)
  throws |java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException|
         |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         
Returns the value of the indexed component in the specified array object, as a 
byte. 

    array - the array 
    index - the index 

    Returns: the value of the indexed component in the specified array 
*java.lang.reflect.Array.getChar(Object,int)*

public static native char getChar(
  java.lang.Object array,
  int index)
  throws |java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException|
         |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         
Returns the value of the indexed component in the specified array object, as a 
char. 

    array - the array 
    index - the index 

    Returns: the value of the indexed component in the specified array 
*java.lang.reflect.Array.getDouble(Object,int)*

public static native double getDouble(
  java.lang.Object array,
  int index)
  throws |java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException|
         |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         
Returns the value of the indexed component in the specified array object, as a 
double. 

    array - the array 
    index - the index 

    Returns: the value of the indexed component in the specified array 
*java.lang.reflect.Array.getFloat(Object,int)*

public static native float getFloat(
  java.lang.Object array,
  int index)
  throws |java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException|
         |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         
Returns the value of the indexed component in the specified array object, as a 
float. 

    array - the array 
    index - the index 

    Returns: the value of the indexed component in the specified array 
*java.lang.reflect.Array.getInt(Object,int)*

public static native int getInt(
  java.lang.Object array,
  int index)
  throws |java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException|
         |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         
Returns the value of the indexed component in the specified array object, as an 
int. 

    array - the array 
    index - the index 

    Returns: the value of the indexed component in the specified array 
*java.lang.reflect.Array.getLength(Object)*

public static native int getLength(java.lang.Object array)
  throws |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         
Returns the length of the specified array object, as an int. 

    array - the array 

    Returns: the length of the array 
*java.lang.reflect.Array.getLong(Object,int)*

public static native long getLong(
  java.lang.Object array,
  int index)
  throws |java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException|
         |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         
Returns the value of the indexed component in the specified array object, as a 
long. 

    array - the array 
    index - the index 

    Returns: the value of the indexed component in the specified array 
*java.lang.reflect.Array.getShort(Object,int)*

public static native short getShort(
  java.lang.Object array,
  int index)
  throws |java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException|
         |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         
Returns the value of the indexed component in the specified array object, as a 
short. 

    array - the array 
    index - the index 

    Returns: the value of the indexed component in the specified array 
*java.lang.reflect.Array.newInstance(Class,int)*

public static |java.lang.Object| newInstance(
  java.lang.Class componentType,
  int length)
  throws |java.lang.NegativeArraySizeException|
         
Creates a new array with the specified component type and length. Invoking this 
method is equivalent to creating an array as follows: 



int[] x = {length}; Array.newInstance(componentType, x); 



    componentType - the Class object representing the component type of the new array 
    length - the length of the new array 

    Returns: the new array 
*java.lang.reflect.Array.newInstance(Class,int[])*

public static |java.lang.Object| newInstance(
  java.lang.Class componentType,
  int[] dimensions)
  throws |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         |java.lang.NegativeArraySizeException|
         
Creates a new array with the specified component type and dimensions. If 
componentType represents a non-array class or interface, the new array has 
dimensions.length dimensions and componentType as its component type. If 
componentType represents an array class, the number of dimensions of the new 
array is equal to the sum of dimensions.length and the number of dimensions of 
componentType. In this case, the component type of the new array is the 
component type of componentType. 

The number of dimensions of the new array must not exceed the number of array 
dimensions supported by the implementation (typically 255). 

    componentType - the Class object representing the component type of the new array 
    dimensions - an array of int types representing the dimensions of the new array 

    Returns: the new array 
*java.lang.reflect.Array.set(Object,int,Object)*

public static native void set(
  java.lang.Object array,
  int index,
  java.lang.Object value)
  throws |java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException|
         |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         
Sets the value of the indexed component of the specified array object to the 
specified new value. The new value is first automatically unwrapped if the 
array has a primitive component type. 

    array - the array 
    index - the index into the array 
    value - the new value of the indexed component 

*java.lang.reflect.Array.setBoolean(Object,int,boolean)*

public static native void setBoolean(
  java.lang.Object array,
  int index,
  boolean z)
  throws |java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException|
         |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         
Sets the value of the indexed component of the specified array object to the 
specified boolean value. 

    array - the array 
    index - the index into the array 
    z - the new value of the indexed component 

*java.lang.reflect.Array.setByte(Object,int,byte)*

public static native void setByte(
  java.lang.Object array,
  int index,
  byte b)
  throws |java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException|
         |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         
Sets the value of the indexed component of the specified array object to the 
specified byte value. 

    array - the array 
    index - the index into the array 
    b - the new value of the indexed component 

*java.lang.reflect.Array.setChar(Object,int,char)*

public static native void setChar(
  java.lang.Object array,
  int index,
  char c)
  throws |java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException|
         |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         
Sets the value of the indexed component of the specified array object to the 
specified char value. 

    array - the array 
    index - the index into the array 
    c - the new value of the indexed component 

*java.lang.reflect.Array.setDouble(Object,int,double)*

public static native void setDouble(
  java.lang.Object array,
  int index,
  double d)
  throws |java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException|
         |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         
Sets the value of the indexed component of the specified array object to the 
specified double value. 

    array - the array 
    index - the index into the array 
    d - the new value of the indexed component 

*java.lang.reflect.Array.setFloat(Object,int,float)*

public static native void setFloat(
  java.lang.Object array,
  int index,
  float f)
  throws |java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException|
         |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         
Sets the value of the indexed component of the specified array object to the 
specified float value. 

    array - the array 
    index - the index into the array 
    f - the new value of the indexed component 

*java.lang.reflect.Array.setInt(Object,int,int)*

public static native void setInt(
  java.lang.Object array,
  int index,
  int i)
  throws |java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException|
         |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         
Sets the value of the indexed component of the specified array object to the 
specified int value. 

    array - the array 
    index - the index into the array 
    i - the new value of the indexed component 

*java.lang.reflect.Array.setLong(Object,int,long)*

public static native void setLong(
  java.lang.Object array,
  int index,
  long l)
  throws |java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException|
         |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         
Sets the value of the indexed component of the specified array object to the 
specified long value. 

    array - the array 
    index - the index into the array 
    l - the new value of the indexed component 

*java.lang.reflect.Array.setShort(Object,int,short)*

public static native void setShort(
  java.lang.Object array,
  int index,
  short s)
  throws |java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException|
         |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         
Sets the value of the indexed component of the specified array object to the 
specified short value. 

    array - the array 
    index - the index into the array 
    s - the new value of the indexed component 


