*javax.management.NotificationFilterSupport* *NotificationFilterSupport* Provide

public class NotificationFilterSupport
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |javax.management.NotificationFilter|
             |java.io.Serializable|

|javax.management.NotificationFilterSupport_Description|
|javax.management.NotificationFilterSupport_Fields|
|javax.management.NotificationFilterSupport_Constructors|
|javax.management.NotificationFilterSupport_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.management.NotificationFilterSupport_Constructors*
|javax.management.NotificationFilterSupport()|

*javax.management.NotificationFilterSupport_Methods*
|javax.management.NotificationFilterSupport.disableAllTypes()|Disables all noti
|javax.management.NotificationFilterSupport.disableType(String)|Removes the giv
|javax.management.NotificationFilterSupport.enableType(String)|Enables all the 
|javax.management.NotificationFilterSupport.getEnabledTypes()|Gets all the enab
|javax.management.NotificationFilterSupport.isNotificationEnabled(Notification)|

*javax.management.NotificationFilterSupport_Description*

Provides an implementation of the (|javax.management.NotificationFilter|) 
interface. The filtering is performed on the notification type attribute. 

Manages a list of enabled notification types. A method allows users to 
enable/disable as many notification types as required. 

Then, before sending a notification to a listener registered with a filter, the 
notification broadcaster compares this notification type with all notification 
types enabled by the filter. The notification will be sent to the listener only 
if its filter enables this notification type. 

Example: 



NotificationFilterSupport myFilter = new NotificationFilterSupport(); 
myFilter.enableType("my_example.my_type"); 
myBroadcaster.addListener(myListener, myFilter, null); 

The listener myListener will only receive notifications the type of which 
equals/starts with "my_example.my_type". 


*javax.management.NotificationFilterSupport()*

public NotificationFilterSupport()




*javax.management.NotificationFilterSupport.disableAllTypes()*

public synchronized void disableAllTypes()

Disables all notification types. 


*javax.management.NotificationFilterSupport.disableType(String)*

public synchronized void disableType(java.lang.String prefix)

Removes the given prefix from the prefix list. If the specified prefix is not 
in the list of enabled notification types, this method has no effect. 

    prefix - The prefix. 

*javax.management.NotificationFilterSupport.enableType(String)*

public synchronized void enableType(java.lang.String prefix)
  throws |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         
Enables all the notifications the type of which starts with the specified 
prefix to be sent to the listener. If the specified prefix is already in the 
list of enabled notification types, this method has no effect. 

Example: 



// Enables all notifications the type of which starts with "my_example" to be 
sent. myFilter.enableType("my_example"); // Enables all notifications the type 
of which is "my_example.my_type" to be sent. 
myFilter.enableType("my_example.my_type"); 



Note that: 

myFilter.enableType("my_example.*"); 

will no match any notification type. 

    prefix - The prefix. 

*javax.management.NotificationFilterSupport.getEnabledTypes()*

public synchronized |java.util.Vector| getEnabledTypes()

Gets all the enabled notification types for this filter. 


    Returns: The list containing all the enabled notification types. 
*javax.management.NotificationFilterSupport.isNotificationEnabled(Notification)*

public synchronized boolean isNotificationEnabled(javax.management.Notification notification)

Invoked before sending the specified notification to the listener. This filter 
compares the type of the specified notification with each enabled type. If the 
notification type matches one of the enabled types, the notification should be 
sent to the listener and this method returns true. 

    notification - The notification to be sent. 

    Returns: true if the notification should be sent to the listener, false otherwise. 

