*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsSupported* *JobKOctetsSupported* Class

public final class JobKOctetsSupported
  extends    |javax.print.attribute.SetOfIntegerSyntax|
  implements |javax.print.attribute.SupportedValuesAttribute|

|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsSupported_Description|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsSupported_Fields|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsSupported_Constructors|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsSupported_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsSupported_Constructors*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsSupported(int,int)|Construct a new jo

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsSupported_Methods*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsSupported.equals(Object)|Returns whet
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsSupported.getCategory()|Get the print
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsSupported.getName()|Get the name of t

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsSupported_Description*

Class JobKOctetsSupported is a printing attribute class, a set of integers, 
that gives the supported values for a 
JobKOctets(|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctets|) attribute. It is 
restricted to a single contiguous range of integers; multiple non-overlapping 
ranges are not allowed. This gives the lower and upper bounds of the total 
sizes of print jobs in units of K octets (1024 octets) that the printer will 
accept. 

IPP Compatibility: The JobKOctetsSupported attribute's canonical array form 
gives the lower and upper bound for the range of values to be included in an 
IPP "job-k-octets-supported" attribute. See class 
SetOfIntegerSyntax(|javax.print.attribute.SetOfIntegerSyntax|) for an 
explanation of canonical array form. The category name returned by getName() 
gives the IPP attribute name. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsSupported(int,int)*

public JobKOctetsSupported(
  int lowerBound,
  int upperBound)

Construct a new job K octets supported attribute containing a single range of 
integers. That is, only those values of JobKOctets in the one range are 
supported. 

    lowerBound - Lower bound of the range. 
    upperBound - Upper bound of the range. 

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsSupported.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object object)

Returns whether this job K octets supported attribute is equivalent to the 
passed in object. To be equivalent, all of the following conditions must be 
true: 

object is not null. 

object is an instance of class JobKOctetsSupported. 

This job K octets supported attribute's members and object's members are the 
same. 

    object - Object to compare to. 

    Returns: True if object is equivalent to this job K octets supported attribute, false 
             otherwise. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsSupported.getCategory()*

public final |java.lang.Class| getCategory()

Get the printing attribute class which is to be used as the "category" for this 
printing attribute value. 

For class JobKOctetsSupported, the category is class JobKOctetsSupported 
itself. 


    Returns: Printing attribute class (category), an instance of class {@link 
             java.lang.Class java.lang.Class}. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsSupported.getName()*

public final |java.lang.String| getName()

Get the name of the category of which this attribute value is an instance. 

For class JobKOctetsSupported, the category name is "job-k-octets-supported". 


    Returns: Attribute category name. 

