*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMessageFromOperator* *JobMessageFromOperator* 

public final class JobMessageFromOperator
  extends    |javax.print.attribute.TextSyntax|
  implements |javax.print.attribute.PrintJobAttribute|

|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMessageFromOperator_Description|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMessageFromOperator_Fields|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMessageFromOperator_Constructors|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMessageFromOperator_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMessageFromOperator_Constructors*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMessageFromOperator(String,Locale)|Construct

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMessageFromOperator_Methods*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMessageFromOperator.equals(Object)|Returns w
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMessageFromOperator.getCategory()|Get the pr
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMessageFromOperator.getName()|Get the name o

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMessageFromOperator_Description*

Class JobMessageFromOperator is a printing attribute class, a text attribute, 
that provides a message from an operator, system administrator, or 
"intelligent" process to indicate to the end user the reasons for modification 
or other management action taken on a job. 

A Print Job's attribute set includes zero instances or one instance of a 
JobMessageFromOperator attribute, not more than one instance. A new 
JobMessageFromOperator attribute replaces an existing JobMessageFromOperator 
attribute, if any. In other words, JobMessageFromOperator is not intended to be 
a history log. If it wishes, the client can detect changes to a Print Job's 
JobMessageFromOperator attribute and maintain the client's own history log of 
the JobMessageFromOperator attribute values. 

IPP Compatibility: The string value gives the IPP name value. The locale gives 
the IPP natural language. The category name returned by getName() gives the IPP 
attribute name. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMessageFromOperator(String,Locale)*

public JobMessageFromOperator(
  java.lang.String message,
  java.util.Locale locale)

Constructs a new job message from operator attribute with the given message and 
locale. 

    message - Message. 
    locale - Natural language of the text string. null is interpreted to mean the default 
       locale as returned by Locale.getDefault() 

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMessageFromOperator.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object object)

Returns whether this job message from operator attribute is equivalent to the 
passed in object. To be equivalent, all of the following conditions must be 
true: 

object is not null. 

object is an instance of class JobMessageFromOperator. 

This job message from operator attribute's underlying string and object's 
underlying string are equal. 

This job message from operator attribute's locale and object's locale are 
equal. 

    object - Object to compare to. 

    Returns: True if object is equivalent to this job message from operator attribute, false 
             otherwise. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMessageFromOperator.getCategory()*

public final |java.lang.Class| getCategory()

Get the printing attribute class which is to be used as the "category" for this 
printing attribute value. 

For class JobMessageFromOperator, the category is class JobMessageFromOperator 
itself. 


    Returns: Printing attribute class (category), an instance of class {@link 
             java.lang.Class java.lang.Class}. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMessageFromOperator.getName()*

public final |java.lang.String| getName()

Get the name of the category of which this attribute value is an instance. 

For class JobMessageFromOperator, the category name is 
"job-message-from-operator". 


    Returns: Attribute category name. 

