*javax.sql.ConnectionPoolDataSource* *ConnectionPoolDataSource* A factory for Po

public interface interface ConnectionPoolDataSource


|javax.sql.ConnectionPoolDataSource_Description|
|javax.sql.ConnectionPoolDataSource_Fields|
|javax.sql.ConnectionPoolDataSource_Constructors|
|javax.sql.ConnectionPoolDataSource_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.sql.ConnectionPoolDataSource_Methods*
|javax.sql.ConnectionPoolDataSource.getLoginTimeout()|Retrieves the maximum tim
|javax.sql.ConnectionPoolDataSource.getLogWriter()|Retrieves the log writer for
|javax.sql.ConnectionPoolDataSource.getPooledConnection()|Attempts to establish
|javax.sql.ConnectionPoolDataSource.getPooledConnection(String,String)|Attempts
|javax.sql.ConnectionPoolDataSource.setLoginTimeout(int)|Sets the maximum time 
|javax.sql.ConnectionPoolDataSource.setLogWriter(PrintWriter)|Sets the log writ

*javax.sql.ConnectionPoolDataSource_Description*

A factory for PooledConnection objects. An object that implements this 
interface will typically be registered with a naming service that is based on 
the JavaTM Naming and Directory Interface (JNDI). 


*javax.sql.ConnectionPoolDataSource.getLoginTimeout()*

public int getLoginTimeout()
  throws |java.sql.SQLException|
         
Retrieves the maximum time in seconds that this ConnectionPoolDataSource object 
will wait while attempting to connect to a database. A value of zero means that 
the timeout is the default system timeout if there is one; otherwise, it means 
that there is no timeout. When a DataSource object is created, its login 
timeout is initially zero. 


    Returns: the data source login time limit 
*javax.sql.ConnectionPoolDataSource.getLogWriter()*

public |java.io.PrintWriter| getLogWriter()
  throws |java.sql.SQLException|
         
Retrieves the log writer for this ConnectionPoolDataSource object. The log 
writer is a character output stream to which all logging and tracing messages 
for this ConnectionPoolDataSource object are printed. This includes messages 
printed by the methods of this object, messages printed by methods of other 
objects manufactured by this object, and so on. Messages printed to a data 
source- specific log writer are not printed to the log writer associated with 
the java.sql.DriverManager class. When a data source object is created, the log 
writer is initially null; in other words, the default is for logging to be 
disabled. 


    Returns: the log writer for this ConnectionPoolDataSource object or null if logging is 
             disabled 
*javax.sql.ConnectionPoolDataSource.getPooledConnection()*

public |javax.sql.PooledConnection| getPooledConnection()
  throws |java.sql.SQLException|
         
Attempts to establish a physical database connection that can be used as a 
pooled connection. 


    Returns: a PooledConnection object that is a physical connection to the database that 
             this ConnectionPoolDataSource object represents 
*javax.sql.ConnectionPoolDataSource.getPooledConnection(String,String)*

public |javax.sql.PooledConnection| getPooledConnection(
  java.lang.String user,
  java.lang.String password)
  throws |java.sql.SQLException|
         
Attempts to establish a physical database connection that can be used as a 
pooled connection. 

    user - the database user on whose behalf the connection is being made 
    password - the user's password 

    Returns: a PooledConnection object that is a physical connection to the database that 
             this ConnectionPoolDataSource object represents 
*javax.sql.ConnectionPoolDataSource.setLoginTimeout(int)*

public void setLoginTimeout(int seconds)
  throws |java.sql.SQLException|
         
Sets the maximum time in seconds that this ConnectionPoolDataSource object will 
wait while attempting to connect to a database. A value of zero specifies that 
the timeout is the default system timeout if there is one; otherwise, it 
specifies that there is no timeout. When a ConnectionPoolDataSource object is 
created, the login timeout is initially zero. 

    seconds - the data source login time limit 

*javax.sql.ConnectionPoolDataSource.setLogWriter(PrintWriter)*

public void setLogWriter(java.io.PrintWriter out)
  throws |java.sql.SQLException|
         
Sets the log writer for this ConnectionPoolDataSource object to the given 
java.io.PrintWriter object. 

The log writer is a character output stream to which all logging and tracing 
messages for this ConnectionPoolDataSource object are printed. This includes 
messages printed by the methods of this object, messages printed by methods of 
other objects manufactured by this object, and so on. Messages printed to a 
data source- specific log writer are not printed to the log writer associated 
with the java.sql.Drivermanager class. When a data source object is created, 
the log writer is initially null; in other words, the default is for logging to 
be disabled. 

    out - the new log writer; null to disable logging 


