*javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton* *MetalComboBoxButton* JButton subcl

public class MetalComboBoxButton
  extends    |javax.swing.JButton|

|javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton_Description|
|javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton_Fields|
|javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton_Constructors|
|javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton_Fields*
|javax.swing.JComboBox_javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton.comboBox|
|javax.swing.Icon_javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton.comboIcon|
|boolean_javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton.iconOnly|
|javax.swing.JList_javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton.listBox|
|javax.swing.CellRendererPane_javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton.rendererPane|

*javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton_Constructors*
|javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton(JComboBox,Icon,boolean,CellRendererPane,JList)|
|javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton(JComboBox,Icon,CellRendererPane,JList)|

*javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton_Methods*
|javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton.getComboBox()|
|javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton.getComboIcon()|
|javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton.isFocusTraversable()|
|javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton.isIconOnly()|
|javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton.paintComponent(Graphics)|
|javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton.setComboBox(JComboBox)|
|javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton.setComboIcon(Icon)|
|javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton.setEnabled(boolean)|
|javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton.setIconOnly(boolean)|

*javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton_Description*

JButton subclass to help out MetalComboBoxUI 

Warning: Serialized objects of this class will not be compatible with future 
Swing releases. The current serialization support is appropriate for short term 
storage or RMI between applications running the same version of Swing. As of 
1.4, support for long term storage of all JavaBeansTM has been added to the 
java.beans package. Please see (|java.beans.XMLEncoder|) . 


*javax.swing.JComboBox_javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton.comboBox*

JButton subclass to help out MetalComboBoxUI 

Warning: Serialized objects of this class will not be compatible with future 
Swing releases. The current serialization support is appropriate for short term 
storage or RMI between applications running the same version of Swing. As of 
1.4, support for long term storage of all JavaBeansTM has been added to the 
java.beans package. Please see (|java.beans.XMLEncoder|) . 


*javax.swing.Icon_javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton.comboIcon*

JButton subclass to help out MetalComboBoxUI 

Warning: Serialized objects of this class will not be compatible with future 
Swing releases. The current serialization support is appropriate for short term 
storage or RMI between applications running the same version of Swing. As of 
1.4, support for long term storage of all JavaBeansTM has been added to the 
java.beans package. Please see (|java.beans.XMLEncoder|) . 


*boolean_javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton.iconOnly*

JButton subclass to help out MetalComboBoxUI 

Warning: Serialized objects of this class will not be compatible with future 
Swing releases. The current serialization support is appropriate for short term 
storage or RMI between applications running the same version of Swing. As of 
1.4, support for long term storage of all JavaBeansTM has been added to the 
java.beans package. Please see (|java.beans.XMLEncoder|) . 


*javax.swing.JList_javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton.listBox*

JButton subclass to help out MetalComboBoxUI 

Warning: Serialized objects of this class will not be compatible with future 
Swing releases. The current serialization support is appropriate for short term 
storage or RMI between applications running the same version of Swing. As of 
1.4, support for long term storage of all JavaBeansTM has been added to the 
java.beans package. Please see (|java.beans.XMLEncoder|) . 


*javax.swing.CellRendererPane_javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton.rendererPane*

JButton subclass to help out MetalComboBoxUI 

Warning: Serialized objects of this class will not be compatible with future 
Swing releases. The current serialization support is appropriate for short term 
storage or RMI between applications running the same version of Swing. As of 
1.4, support for long term storage of all JavaBeansTM has been added to the 
java.beans package. Please see (|java.beans.XMLEncoder|) . 



*javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton(JComboBox,Icon,boolean,CellRendererPane,JList)*

public MetalComboBoxButton(
  javax.swing.JComboBox cb,
  javax.swing.Icon i,
  boolean onlyIcon,
  javax.swing.CellRendererPane pane,
  javax.swing.JList list)




*javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton(JComboBox,Icon,CellRendererPane,JList)*

public MetalComboBoxButton(
  javax.swing.JComboBox cb,
  javax.swing.Icon i,
  javax.swing.CellRendererPane pane,
  javax.swing.JList list)




*javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton.getComboBox()*

public final |javax.swing.JComboBox| getComboBox()




*javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton.getComboIcon()*

public final |javax.swing.Icon| getComboIcon()




*javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton.isFocusTraversable()*

public boolean isFocusTraversable()




*javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton.isIconOnly()*

public final boolean isIconOnly()




*javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton.paintComponent(Graphics)*

public void paintComponent(java.awt.Graphics g)




*javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton.setComboBox(JComboBox)*

public final void setComboBox(javax.swing.JComboBox cb)




*javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton.setComboIcon(Icon)*

public final void setComboIcon(javax.swing.Icon i)




*javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton.setEnabled(boolean)*

public void setEnabled(boolean enabled)




*javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalComboBoxButton.setIconOnly(boolean)*

public final void setIconOnly(boolean isIconOnly)





