*java.awt.Event* *Event* NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is 
 available on

public class Event
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |java.io.Serializable|

|java.awt.Event_Description|
|java.awt.Event_Fields|
|java.awt.Event_Constructors|
|java.awt.Event_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.awt.Event_Fields*
|int_java.awt.Event.ACTION_EVENT|
|int_java.awt.Event.ALT_MASK|
|java.lang.Object_java.awt.Event.arg|
|int_java.awt.Event.BACK_SPACE|
|int_java.awt.Event.CAPS_LOCK|
|int_java.awt.Event.clickCount|
|int_java.awt.Event.CTRL_MASK|
|int_java.awt.Event.DELETE|
|int_java.awt.Event.DOWN|
|int_java.awt.Event.END|
|int_java.awt.Event.ENTER|
|int_java.awt.Event.ESCAPE|
|java.awt.Event_java.awt.Event.evt|
|int_java.awt.Event.F1|
|int_java.awt.Event.F10|
|int_java.awt.Event.F11|
|int_java.awt.Event.F12|
|int_java.awt.Event.F2|
|int_java.awt.Event.F3|
|int_java.awt.Event.F4|
|int_java.awt.Event.F5|
|int_java.awt.Event.F6|
|int_java.awt.Event.F7|
|int_java.awt.Event.F8|
|int_java.awt.Event.F9|
|int_java.awt.Event.GOT_FOCUS|
|int_java.awt.Event.HOME|
|int_java.awt.Event.id|
|int_java.awt.Event.INSERT|
|int_java.awt.Event.key|
|int_java.awt.Event.KEY_ACTION|
|int_java.awt.Event.KEY_ACTION_RELEASE|
|int_java.awt.Event.KEY_PRESS|
|int_java.awt.Event.KEY_RELEASE|
|int_java.awt.Event.LEFT|
|int_java.awt.Event.LIST_DESELECT|
|int_java.awt.Event.LIST_SELECT|
|int_java.awt.Event.LOAD_FILE|
|int_java.awt.Event.LOST_FOCUS|
|int_java.awt.Event.META_MASK|
|int_java.awt.Event.modifiers|
|int_java.awt.Event.MOUSE_DOWN|
|int_java.awt.Event.MOUSE_DRAG|
|int_java.awt.Event.MOUSE_ENTER|
|int_java.awt.Event.MOUSE_EXIT|
|int_java.awt.Event.MOUSE_MOVE|
|int_java.awt.Event.MOUSE_UP|
|int_java.awt.Event.NUM_LOCK|
|int_java.awt.Event.PAUSE|
|int_java.awt.Event.PGDN|
|int_java.awt.Event.PGUP|
|int_java.awt.Event.PRINT_SCREEN|
|int_java.awt.Event.RIGHT|
|int_java.awt.Event.SAVE_FILE|
|int_java.awt.Event.SCROLL_ABSOLUTE|
|int_java.awt.Event.SCROLL_BEGIN|
|int_java.awt.Event.SCROLL_END|
|int_java.awt.Event.SCROLL_LINE_DOWN|
|int_java.awt.Event.SCROLL_LINE_UP|
|int_java.awt.Event.SCROLL_LOCK|
|int_java.awt.Event.SCROLL_PAGE_DOWN|
|int_java.awt.Event.SCROLL_PAGE_UP|
|int_java.awt.Event.SHIFT_MASK|
|int_java.awt.Event.TAB|
|java.lang.Object_java.awt.Event.target|
|int_java.awt.Event.UP|
|long_java.awt.Event.when|
|int_java.awt.Event.WINDOW_DEICONIFY|
|int_java.awt.Event.WINDOW_DESTROY|
|int_java.awt.Event.WINDOW_EXPOSE|
|int_java.awt.Event.WINDOW_ICONIFY|
|int_java.awt.Event.WINDOW_MOVED|
|int_java.awt.Event.x|
|int_java.awt.Event.y|

*java.awt.Event_Constructors*
|java.awt.Event(Object,int,Object)|NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is  av
|java.awt.Event(Object,long,int,int,int,int,int)|NOTE: The Event class is obsol
|java.awt.Event(Object,long,int,int,int,int,int,Object)|NOTE: The Event class i

*java.awt.Event_Methods*
|java.awt.Event.controlDown()|NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is  availab
|java.awt.Event.metaDown()|NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is  available 
|java.awt.Event.paramString()|NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is  availab
|java.awt.Event.shiftDown()|NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is  available
|java.awt.Event.toString()|NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is  available 
|java.awt.Event.translate(int,int)|NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is  av

*java.awt.Event_Description*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.ACTION_EVENT*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.ALT_MASK*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*java.lang.Object_java.awt.Event.arg*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.BACK_SPACE*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.CAPS_LOCK*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.clickCount*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.CTRL_MASK*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.DELETE*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.DOWN*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.END*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.ENTER*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.ESCAPE*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*java.awt.Event_java.awt.Event.evt*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.F1*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.F10*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.F11*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.F12*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.F2*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.F3*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.F4*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.F5*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.F6*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.F7*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.F8*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.F9*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.GOT_FOCUS*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.HOME*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.id*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.INSERT*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.key*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.KEY_ACTION*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.KEY_ACTION_RELEASE*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.KEY_PRESS*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.KEY_RELEASE*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.LEFT*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.LIST_DESELECT*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.LIST_SELECT*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.LOAD_FILE*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.LOST_FOCUS*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.META_MASK*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.modifiers*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.MOUSE_DOWN*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.MOUSE_DRAG*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.MOUSE_ENTER*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.MOUSE_EXIT*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.MOUSE_MOVE*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.MOUSE_UP*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.NUM_LOCK*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.PAUSE*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.PGDN*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.PGUP*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.PRINT_SCREEN*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.RIGHT*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.SAVE_FILE*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.SCROLL_ABSOLUTE*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.SCROLL_BEGIN*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.SCROLL_END*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.SCROLL_LINE_DOWN*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.SCROLL_LINE_UP*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.SCROLL_LOCK*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.SCROLL_PAGE_DOWN*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.SCROLL_PAGE_UP*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.SHIFT_MASK*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.TAB*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*java.lang.Object_java.awt.Event.target*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.UP*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*long_java.awt.Event.when*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.WINDOW_DEICONIFY*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.WINDOW_DESTROY*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.WINDOW_EXPOSE*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.WINDOW_ICONIFY*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.WINDOW_MOVED*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.x*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 


*int_java.awt.Event.y*

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Event is a platform-independent class that encapsulates events from the 
platform's Graphical User Interface in the Java1.0 event model. In Java1.1 and 
later versions, the Event class is maintained only for backwards compatibilty. 
The information in this class description is provided to assist programmers in 
converting Java1.0 programs to the new event model. 

In the Java1.0 event model, an event contains an (|java.awt.Event|) field that 
indicates what type of event it is and which other Event variables are relevant 
for the event. 

For keyboard events, (|java.awt.Event|) contains a value indicating which key 
was activated, and (|java.awt.Event|) contains the modifiers for that event. 
For the KEY_PRESS and KEY_RELEASE event ids, the value of key is the unicode 
character code for the key. For KEY_ACTION and KEY_ACTION_RELEASE, the value of 
key is one of the defined action-key identifiers in the Event class (PGUP, 
PGDN, F1, F2, etc). 



*java.awt.Event(Object,int,Object)*

public Event(
  java.lang.Object target,
  int id,
  java.lang.Object arg)

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Creates an instance of Event with the specified target component, event type, 
and argument. 

    target - the target component. 
    id - the event type. 
    arg - the specified argument. 

*java.awt.Event(Object,long,int,int,int,int,int)*

public Event(
  java.lang.Object target,
  long when,
  int id,
  int x,
  int y,
  int key,
  int modifiers)

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Creates an instance of Event, with the specified target component, time stamp, 
event type, x and y coordinates, keyboard key, state of the modifier keys, and 
an argument set to null. 

    target - the target component. 
    when - the time stamp. 
    id - the event type. 
    x - the x coordinate. 
    y - the y coordinate. 
    key - the key pressed in a keyboard event. 
    modifiers - the state of the modifier keys. 

*java.awt.Event(Object,long,int,int,int,int,int,Object)*

public Event(
  java.lang.Object target,
  long when,
  int id,
  int x,
  int y,
  int key,
  int modifiers,
  java.lang.Object arg)

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Creates an instance of Event with the specified target component, time stamp, 
event type, x and y coordinates, keyboard key, state of the modifier keys, and 
argument. 

    target - the target component. 
    when - the time stamp. 
    id - the event type. 
    x - the x coordinate. 
    y - the y coordinate. 
    key - the key pressed in a keyboard event. 
    modifiers - the state of the modifier keys. 
    arg - the specified argument. 

*java.awt.Event.controlDown()*

public boolean controlDown()

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Checks if the Control key is down. 


    Returns: true if the key is down; false otherwise. 
*java.awt.Event.metaDown()*

public boolean metaDown()

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Checks if the Meta key is down. 


    Returns: true if the key is down; false otherwise. 
*java.awt.Event.paramString()*

protected |java.lang.String| paramString()

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Returns a string representing the state of this Event. This method is intended 
to be used only for debugging purposes, and the content and format of the 
returned string may vary between implementations. The returned string may be 
empty but may not be null. 


    Returns: the parameter string of this event 
*java.awt.Event.shiftDown()*

public boolean shiftDown()

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Checks if the Shift key is down. 


    Returns: true if the key is down; false otherwise. 
*java.awt.Event.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Returns a representation of this event's values as a string. 


    Returns: a string that represents the event and the values of its member fields. 
*java.awt.Event.translate(int,int)*

public void translate(
  int dx,
  int dy)

NOTE: The Event class is obsolete and is available only for backwards 
compatilibility. It has been replaced by the AWTEvent class and its subclasses. 

Translates this event so that its x and y coordinates are increased by dx and 
dy, respectively. 

This method translates an event relative to the given component. This involves, 
at a minimum, translating the coordinates into the local coordinate system of 
the given component. It may also involve translating a region in the case of an 
expose event. 

    dx - the distance to translate the x coordinate. 
    dy - the distance to translate the y coordinate. 


