*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation* *AccessibleRelation* Class AccessibleRe

public class AccessibleRelation
  extends    |javax.accessibility.AccessibleBundle|

|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation_Description|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation_Fields|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation_Constructors|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation_Fields*
|java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.CHILD_NODE_OF|
|java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.CHILD_NODE_OF_PROPERTY|
|java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.CONTROLLED_BY|
|java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.CONTROLLED_BY_PROPERTY|
|java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.CONTROLLER_FOR|
|java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.CONTROLLER_FOR_PROPERTY|
|java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.EMBEDDED_BY|
|java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.EMBEDDED_BY_PROPERTY|
|java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.EMBEDS|
|java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.EMBEDS_PROPERTY|
|java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.FLOWS_FROM|
|java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.FLOWS_FROM_PROPERTY|
|java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.FLOWS_TO|
|java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.FLOWS_TO_PROPERTY|
|java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.LABEL_FOR|
|java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.LABEL_FOR_PROPERTY|
|java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.LABELED_BY|
|java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.LABELED_BY_PROPERTY|
|java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.MEMBER_OF|
|java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.MEMBER_OF_PROPERTY|
|java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.PARENT_WINDOW_OF|
|java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.PARENT_WINDOW_OF_PROPERTY|
|java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.SUBWINDOW_OF|
|java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.SUBWINDOW_OF_PROPERTY|

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation_Constructors*
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation(String)|Create a new AccessibleRelation
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation(String,Object)|Creates a new Accessible
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation(String,Object[])|Creates a new Accessib

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation_Methods*
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.getKey()|Returns the key for this relat
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.getTarget()|Returns the target objects 
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.setTarget(Object)|Sets the target objec
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.setTarget(Object[])|Sets the target obj

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation_Description*

Class AccessibleRelation describes a relation between the object that 
implements the AccessibleRelation and one or more other objects. The actual 
relations that an object has with other objects are defined as an 
AccessibleRelationSet, which is a composed set of AccessibleRelations. The 
toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string for a locale 
independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys defined in this 
class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed enumeration of 
common object roles. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to 
describe the role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class 
and it should provide constants in a similar manner. 


*java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.CHILD_NODE_OF*

Class AccessibleRelation describes a relation between the object that 
implements the AccessibleRelation and one or more other objects. The actual 
relations that an object has with other objects are defined as an 
AccessibleRelationSet, which is a composed set of AccessibleRelations. The 
toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string for a locale 
independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys defined in this 
class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed enumeration of 
common object roles. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to 
describe the role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class 
and it should provide constants in a similar manner. 


*java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.CHILD_NODE_OF_PROPERTY*

Class AccessibleRelation describes a relation between the object that 
implements the AccessibleRelation and one or more other objects. The actual 
relations that an object has with other objects are defined as an 
AccessibleRelationSet, which is a composed set of AccessibleRelations. The 
toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string for a locale 
independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys defined in this 
class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed enumeration of 
common object roles. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to 
describe the role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class 
and it should provide constants in a similar manner. 


*java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.CONTROLLED_BY*

Class AccessibleRelation describes a relation between the object that 
implements the AccessibleRelation and one or more other objects. The actual 
relations that an object has with other objects are defined as an 
AccessibleRelationSet, which is a composed set of AccessibleRelations. The 
toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string for a locale 
independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys defined in this 
class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed enumeration of 
common object roles. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to 
describe the role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class 
and it should provide constants in a similar manner. 


*java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.CONTROLLED_BY_PROPERTY*

Class AccessibleRelation describes a relation between the object that 
implements the AccessibleRelation and one or more other objects. The actual 
relations that an object has with other objects are defined as an 
AccessibleRelationSet, which is a composed set of AccessibleRelations. The 
toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string for a locale 
independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys defined in this 
class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed enumeration of 
common object roles. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to 
describe the role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class 
and it should provide constants in a similar manner. 


*java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.CONTROLLER_FOR*

Class AccessibleRelation describes a relation between the object that 
implements the AccessibleRelation and one or more other objects. The actual 
relations that an object has with other objects are defined as an 
AccessibleRelationSet, which is a composed set of AccessibleRelations. The 
toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string for a locale 
independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys defined in this 
class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed enumeration of 
common object roles. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to 
describe the role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class 
and it should provide constants in a similar manner. 


*java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.CONTROLLER_FOR_PROPERTY*

Class AccessibleRelation describes a relation between the object that 
implements the AccessibleRelation and one or more other objects. The actual 
relations that an object has with other objects are defined as an 
AccessibleRelationSet, which is a composed set of AccessibleRelations. The 
toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string for a locale 
independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys defined in this 
class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed enumeration of 
common object roles. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to 
describe the role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class 
and it should provide constants in a similar manner. 


*java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.EMBEDDED_BY*

Class AccessibleRelation describes a relation between the object that 
implements the AccessibleRelation and one or more other objects. The actual 
relations that an object has with other objects are defined as an 
AccessibleRelationSet, which is a composed set of AccessibleRelations. The 
toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string for a locale 
independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys defined in this 
class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed enumeration of 
common object roles. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to 
describe the role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class 
and it should provide constants in a similar manner. 


*java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.EMBEDDED_BY_PROPERTY*

Class AccessibleRelation describes a relation between the object that 
implements the AccessibleRelation and one or more other objects. The actual 
relations that an object has with other objects are defined as an 
AccessibleRelationSet, which is a composed set of AccessibleRelations. The 
toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string for a locale 
independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys defined in this 
class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed enumeration of 
common object roles. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to 
describe the role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class 
and it should provide constants in a similar manner. 


*java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.EMBEDS*

Class AccessibleRelation describes a relation between the object that 
implements the AccessibleRelation and one or more other objects. The actual 
relations that an object has with other objects are defined as an 
AccessibleRelationSet, which is a composed set of AccessibleRelations. The 
toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string for a locale 
independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys defined in this 
class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed enumeration of 
common object roles. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to 
describe the role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class 
and it should provide constants in a similar manner. 


*java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.EMBEDS_PROPERTY*

Class AccessibleRelation describes a relation between the object that 
implements the AccessibleRelation and one or more other objects. The actual 
relations that an object has with other objects are defined as an 
AccessibleRelationSet, which is a composed set of AccessibleRelations. The 
toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string for a locale 
independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys defined in this 
class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed enumeration of 
common object roles. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to 
describe the role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class 
and it should provide constants in a similar manner. 


*java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.FLOWS_FROM*

Class AccessibleRelation describes a relation between the object that 
implements the AccessibleRelation and one or more other objects. The actual 
relations that an object has with other objects are defined as an 
AccessibleRelationSet, which is a composed set of AccessibleRelations. The 
toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string for a locale 
independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys defined in this 
class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed enumeration of 
common object roles. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to 
describe the role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class 
and it should provide constants in a similar manner. 


*java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.FLOWS_FROM_PROPERTY*

Class AccessibleRelation describes a relation between the object that 
implements the AccessibleRelation and one or more other objects. The actual 
relations that an object has with other objects are defined as an 
AccessibleRelationSet, which is a composed set of AccessibleRelations. The 
toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string for a locale 
independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys defined in this 
class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed enumeration of 
common object roles. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to 
describe the role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class 
and it should provide constants in a similar manner. 


*java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.FLOWS_TO*

Class AccessibleRelation describes a relation between the object that 
implements the AccessibleRelation and one or more other objects. The actual 
relations that an object has with other objects are defined as an 
AccessibleRelationSet, which is a composed set of AccessibleRelations. The 
toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string for a locale 
independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys defined in this 
class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed enumeration of 
common object roles. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to 
describe the role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class 
and it should provide constants in a similar manner. 


*java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.FLOWS_TO_PROPERTY*

Class AccessibleRelation describes a relation between the object that 
implements the AccessibleRelation and one or more other objects. The actual 
relations that an object has with other objects are defined as an 
AccessibleRelationSet, which is a composed set of AccessibleRelations. The 
toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string for a locale 
independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys defined in this 
class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed enumeration of 
common object roles. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to 
describe the role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class 
and it should provide constants in a similar manner. 


*java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.LABEL_FOR*

Class AccessibleRelation describes a relation between the object that 
implements the AccessibleRelation and one or more other objects. The actual 
relations that an object has with other objects are defined as an 
AccessibleRelationSet, which is a composed set of AccessibleRelations. The 
toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string for a locale 
independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys defined in this 
class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed enumeration of 
common object roles. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to 
describe the role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class 
and it should provide constants in a similar manner. 


*java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.LABEL_FOR_PROPERTY*

Class AccessibleRelation describes a relation between the object that 
implements the AccessibleRelation and one or more other objects. The actual 
relations that an object has with other objects are defined as an 
AccessibleRelationSet, which is a composed set of AccessibleRelations. The 
toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string for a locale 
independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys defined in this 
class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed enumeration of 
common object roles. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to 
describe the role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class 
and it should provide constants in a similar manner. 


*java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.LABELED_BY*

Class AccessibleRelation describes a relation between the object that 
implements the AccessibleRelation and one or more other objects. The actual 
relations that an object has with other objects are defined as an 
AccessibleRelationSet, which is a composed set of AccessibleRelations. The 
toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string for a locale 
independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys defined in this 
class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed enumeration of 
common object roles. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to 
describe the role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class 
and it should provide constants in a similar manner. 


*java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.LABELED_BY_PROPERTY*

Class AccessibleRelation describes a relation between the object that 
implements the AccessibleRelation and one or more other objects. The actual 
relations that an object has with other objects are defined as an 
AccessibleRelationSet, which is a composed set of AccessibleRelations. The 
toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string for a locale 
independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys defined in this 
class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed enumeration of 
common object roles. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to 
describe the role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class 
and it should provide constants in a similar manner. 


*java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.MEMBER_OF*

Class AccessibleRelation describes a relation between the object that 
implements the AccessibleRelation and one or more other objects. The actual 
relations that an object has with other objects are defined as an 
AccessibleRelationSet, which is a composed set of AccessibleRelations. The 
toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string for a locale 
independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys defined in this 
class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed enumeration of 
common object roles. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to 
describe the role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class 
and it should provide constants in a similar manner. 


*java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.MEMBER_OF_PROPERTY*

Class AccessibleRelation describes a relation between the object that 
implements the AccessibleRelation and one or more other objects. The actual 
relations that an object has with other objects are defined as an 
AccessibleRelationSet, which is a composed set of AccessibleRelations. The 
toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string for a locale 
independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys defined in this 
class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed enumeration of 
common object roles. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to 
describe the role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class 
and it should provide constants in a similar manner. 


*java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.PARENT_WINDOW_OF*

Class AccessibleRelation describes a relation between the object that 
implements the AccessibleRelation and one or more other objects. The actual 
relations that an object has with other objects are defined as an 
AccessibleRelationSet, which is a composed set of AccessibleRelations. The 
toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string for a locale 
independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys defined in this 
class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed enumeration of 
common object roles. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to 
describe the role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class 
and it should provide constants in a similar manner. 


*java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.PARENT_WINDOW_OF_PROPERTY*

Class AccessibleRelation describes a relation between the object that 
implements the AccessibleRelation and one or more other objects. The actual 
relations that an object has with other objects are defined as an 
AccessibleRelationSet, which is a composed set of AccessibleRelations. The 
toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string for a locale 
independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys defined in this 
class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed enumeration of 
common object roles. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to 
describe the role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class 
and it should provide constants in a similar manner. 


*java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.SUBWINDOW_OF*

Class AccessibleRelation describes a relation between the object that 
implements the AccessibleRelation and one or more other objects. The actual 
relations that an object has with other objects are defined as an 
AccessibleRelationSet, which is a composed set of AccessibleRelations. The 
toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string for a locale 
independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys defined in this 
class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed enumeration of 
common object roles. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to 
describe the role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class 
and it should provide constants in a similar manner. 


*java.lang.String_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.SUBWINDOW_OF_PROPERTY*

Class AccessibleRelation describes a relation between the object that 
implements the AccessibleRelation and one or more other objects. The actual 
relations that an object has with other objects are defined as an 
AccessibleRelationSet, which is a composed set of AccessibleRelations. The 
toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string for a locale 
independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys defined in this 
class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed enumeration of 
common object roles. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to 
describe the role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class 
and it should provide constants in a similar manner. 



*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation(String)*

public AccessibleRelation(java.lang.String key)

Create a new AccessibleRelation using the given locale independent key. The key 
String should be a locale independent key for the relation. It is not intended 
to be used as the actual String to display to the user. To get the localized 
string, use toDisplayString. 

    key - the locale independent name of the relation. 

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation(String,Object)*

public AccessibleRelation(
  java.lang.String key,
  java.lang.Object target)

Creates a new AccessibleRelation using the given locale independent key. The 
key String should be a locale independent key for the relation. It is not 
intended to be used as the actual String to display to the user. To get the 
localized string, use toDisplayString. 

    key - the locale independent name of the relation. 
    target - the target object for this relation 

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation(String,Object[])*

public AccessibleRelation(
  java.lang.String key,
  java.lang.Object[] target)

Creates a new AccessibleRelation using the given locale independent key. The 
key String should be a locale independent key for the relation. It is not 
intended to be used as the actual String to display to the user. To get the 
localized string, use toDisplayString. 

    key - the locale independent name of the relation. 
    target - the target object(s) for this relation 

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.getKey()*

public |java.lang.String| getKey()

Returns the key for this relation 


    Returns: the key for this relation 
*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.getTarget()*

public |java.lang.Object| getTarget()

Returns the target objects for this relation 


    Returns: an array containing the target objects for this relation 
*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.setTarget(Object)*

public void setTarget(java.lang.Object target)

Sets the target object for this relation 

    target - the target object for this relation 

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation.setTarget(Object[])*

public void setTarget(java.lang.Object[] target)

Sets the target objects for this relation 

    target - an array containing the target objects for this relation 


