*java.awt.im.spi.InputMethodDescriptor* *InputMethodDescriptor* Defines methods 

public interface interface InputMethodDescriptor


|java.awt.im.spi.InputMethodDescriptor_Description|
|java.awt.im.spi.InputMethodDescriptor_Fields|
|java.awt.im.spi.InputMethodDescriptor_Constructors|
|java.awt.im.spi.InputMethodDescriptor_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.awt.im.spi.InputMethodDescriptor_Methods*
|java.awt.im.spi.InputMethodDescriptor.createInputMethod()|Creates a new instan
|java.awt.im.spi.InputMethodDescriptor.getAvailableLocales()|Returns the locale
|java.awt.im.spi.InputMethodDescriptor.getInputMethodDisplayName(Locale,Locale)|
|java.awt.im.spi.InputMethodDescriptor.getInputMethodIcon(Locale)|Returns an ic
|java.awt.im.spi.InputMethodDescriptor.hasDynamicLocaleList()|Returns whether t

*java.awt.im.spi.InputMethodDescriptor_Description*

Defines methods that provide sufficient information about an input method to 
enable selection and loading of that input method. The input method itself is 
only loaded when it is actually used. 


*java.awt.im.spi.InputMethodDescriptor.createInputMethod()*

public |java.awt.im.spi.InputMethod| createInputMethod()
  throws |java.lang.Exception|
         
Creates a new instance of the corresponding input method. 


    Returns: a new instance of the corresponding input method 
*java.awt.im.spi.InputMethodDescriptor.getAvailableLocales()*

public |java.util.Locale| getAvailableLocales()
  throws |java.awt.AWTException|
         
Returns the locales supported by the corresponding input method. The locale may 
describe just the language, or may also include country and variant information 
if needed. The information is used to select input methods by locale ( 
(|java.awt.im.InputContext|) ). It may also be used to sort input methods by 
locale in a user-visible list of input methods. 

Only the input method's primary locales should be returned. For example, if a 
Japanese input method also has a pass-through mode for Roman characters, 
typically still only Japanese would be returned. Thus, the list of locales 
returned is typically a subset of the locales for which the corresponding input 
method's implementation of (|java.awt.im.spi.InputMethod|) returns true. 

If (|java.awt.im.spi.InputMethodDescriptor|) returns true, this method is 
called each time the information is needed. This gives input methods that 
depend on network resources the chance to add or remove locales as resources 
become available or unavailable. 


    Returns: the locales supported by the input method 
*java.awt.im.spi.InputMethodDescriptor.getInputMethodDisplayName(Locale,Locale)*

public |java.lang.String| getInputMethodDisplayName(
  java.util.Locale inputLocale,
  java.util.Locale displayLanguage)

Returns the user-visible name of the corresponding input method for the given 
input locale in the language in which the name will be displayed. 

The inputLocale parameter specifies the locale for which text is input. This 
parameter can only take values obtained from this descriptor's 
(|java.awt.im.spi.InputMethodDescriptor|) method or null. If it is null, an 
input locale independent name for the input method should be returned. 

If a name for the desired display language is not available, the method may 
fall back to some other language. 

    inputLocale - the locale for which text input is supported, or null 
    displayLanguage - the language in which the name will be displayed 

*java.awt.im.spi.InputMethodDescriptor.getInputMethodIcon(Locale)*

public |java.awt.Image| getInputMethodIcon(java.util.Locale inputLocale)

Returns an icon for the corresponding input method. The icon may be used by a 
user interface for selecting input methods. 

The inputLocale parameter specifies the locale for which text is input. This 
parameter can only take values obtained from this descriptor's 
(|java.awt.im.spi.InputMethodDescriptor|) method or null. If it is null, an 
input locale independent icon for the input method should be returned. 

The icon's size should be 1616 pixels. 

    inputLocale - the locale for which text input is supported, or null 

    Returns: an icon for the corresponding input method, or null 
*java.awt.im.spi.InputMethodDescriptor.hasDynamicLocaleList()*

public boolean hasDynamicLocaleList()

Returns whether the list of available locales can change at runtime. This may 
be the case, for example, for adapters that access real input methods over the 
network. 



