*java.security.spec.ECFieldF2m* *ECFieldF2m* This immutable class defines an ell

public class ECFieldF2m
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |java.security.spec.ECField|

|java.security.spec.ECFieldF2m_Description|
|java.security.spec.ECFieldF2m_Fields|
|java.security.spec.ECFieldF2m_Constructors|
|java.security.spec.ECFieldF2m_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.security.spec.ECFieldF2m_Constructors*
|java.security.spec.ECFieldF2m(int)|Creates an elliptic curve characteristic 2 
|java.security.spec.ECFieldF2m(int,BigInteger)|Creates an elliptic curve charac
|java.security.spec.ECFieldF2m(int,int[])|Creates an elliptic curve characteris

*java.security.spec.ECFieldF2m_Methods*
|java.security.spec.ECFieldF2m.equals(Object)|Compares this finite field for eq
|java.security.spec.ECFieldF2m.getFieldSize()|Returns the field size in bits wh
|java.security.spec.ECFieldF2m.getM()|Returns the value m of this characteristi
|java.security.spec.ECFieldF2m.getMidTermsOfReductionPolynomial()|Returns an in
|java.security.spec.ECFieldF2m.getReductionPolynomial()|Returns a BigInteger wh
|java.security.spec.ECFieldF2m.hashCode()|Returns a hash code value for this ch

*java.security.spec.ECFieldF2m_Description*

This immutable class defines an elliptic curve (EC) characteristic 2 finite 
field. 


*java.security.spec.ECFieldF2m(int)*

public ECFieldF2m(int m)

Creates an elliptic curve characteristic 2 finite field which has 2^m elements 
with normal basis. 

    m - with 2^m being the number of elements. 

*java.security.spec.ECFieldF2m(int,BigInteger)*

public ECFieldF2m(
  int m,
  java.math.BigInteger rp)

Creates an elliptic curve characteristic 2 finite field which has 2^m elements 
with polynomial basis. The reduction polynomial for this field is based on rp 
whose i-th bit correspondes to the i-th coefficient of the reduction 
polynomial. Note: A valid reduction polynomial is either a trinomial (X^m + X^k 
+ 1 with m > k >= 1) or a pentanomial (X^m + X^k3 + X^k2 + X^k1 + 1 with m > k3 
> k2 > k1 >= 1). 

    m - with 2^m being the number of elements. 
    rp - the BigInteger whose i-th bit corresponds to the i-th coefficient of the 
       reduction polynomial. 

*java.security.spec.ECFieldF2m(int,int[])*

public ECFieldF2m(
  int m,
  int[] ks)

Creates an elliptic curve characteristic 2 finite field which has 2^m elements 
with polynomial basis. The reduction polynomial for this field is based on ks 
whose content contains the order of the middle term(s) of the reduction 
polynomial. Note: A valid reduction polynomial is either a trinomial (X^m + X^k 
+ 1 with m > k >= 1) or a pentanomial (X^m + X^k3 + X^k2 + X^k1 + 1 with m > k3 
> k2 > k1 >= 1), so ks should have length 1 or 3. 

    m - with 2^m being the number of elements. 
    ks - the order of the middle term(s) of the reduction polynomial. Contents of this 
       array are copied to protect against subsequent modification. 

*java.security.spec.ECFieldF2m.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object obj)

Compares this finite field for equality with the specified object. 

    obj - the object to be compared. 

    Returns: true if obj is an instance of ECFieldF2m and both m and the reduction 
             polynomial match, false otherwise. 
*java.security.spec.ECFieldF2m.getFieldSize()*

public int getFieldSize()

Returns the field size in bits which is m for this characteristic 2 finite 
field. 


    Returns: the field size in bits. 
*java.security.spec.ECFieldF2m.getM()*

public int getM()

Returns the value m of this characteristic 2 finite field. 


    Returns: m with 2^m being the number of elements. 
*java.security.spec.ECFieldF2m.getMidTermsOfReductionPolynomial()*

public int getMidTermsOfReductionPolynomial()

Returns an integer array which contains the order of the middle term(s) of the 
reduction polynomial for polynomial basis or null for normal basis. 


    Returns: an integer array which contains the order of the middle term(s) of the 
             reduction polynomial for polynomial basis or null for normal 
             basis. A new array is returned each time this method is called. 
*java.security.spec.ECFieldF2m.getReductionPolynomial()*

public |java.math.BigInteger| getReductionPolynomial()

Returns a BigInteger whose i-th bit corresponds to the i-th coefficient of the 
reduction polynomial for polynomial basis or null for normal basis. 


    Returns: a BigInteger whose i-th bit corresponds to the i-th coefficient of the 
             reduction polynomial for polynomial basis or null for normal 
             basis. 
*java.security.spec.ECFieldF2m.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()

Returns a hash code value for this characteristic 2 finite field. 


    Returns: a hash code value. 

