*javax.naming.NameClassPair* *NameClassPair* This class represents the object na

public class NameClassPair
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |java.io.Serializable|

|javax.naming.NameClassPair_Description|
|javax.naming.NameClassPair_Fields|
|javax.naming.NameClassPair_Constructors|
|javax.naming.NameClassPair_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.naming.NameClassPair_Constructors*
|javax.naming.NameClassPair(String,String)|Constructs an instance of a NameClas
|javax.naming.NameClassPair(String,String,boolean)|Constructs an instance of a 

*javax.naming.NameClassPair_Methods*
|javax.naming.NameClassPair.getClassName()|Retrieves the class name of the obje
|javax.naming.NameClassPair.getName()|Retrieves the name of this binding.
|javax.naming.NameClassPair.getNameInNamespace()|Retrieves the full name of thi
|javax.naming.NameClassPair.isRelative()|Determines whether the name of this bi
|javax.naming.NameClassPair.setClassName(String)|Sets the class name of this bi
|javax.naming.NameClassPair.setName(String)|Sets the name of this binding.
|javax.naming.NameClassPair.setNameInNamespace(String)|Sets the full name of th
|javax.naming.NameClassPair.setRelative(boolean)|Sets whether the name of this 
|javax.naming.NameClassPair.toString()|Generates the string representation of t

*javax.naming.NameClassPair_Description*

This class represents the object name and class name pair of a binding found in 
a context. 

A context consists of name-to-object bindings. The NameClassPair class 
represents the name and the class of the bound object. It consists of a name 
and a string representing the package-qualified class name. 

Use subclassing for naming systems that generate contents of a name/class pair 
dynamically. 

A NameClassPair instance is not synchronized against concurrent access by 
multiple threads. Threads that need to access a NameClassPair concurrently 
should synchronize amongst themselves and provide the necessary locking. 


*javax.naming.NameClassPair(String,String)*

public NameClassPair(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String className)

Constructs an instance of a NameClassPair given its name and class name. 

    name - The non-null name of the object. It is relative to the target context (which is 
       named by the first parameter of the list() method) 
    className - The possibly null class name of the object bound to name. It is null if the 
       object bound is null. 

*javax.naming.NameClassPair(String,String,boolean)*

public NameClassPair(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String className,
  boolean isRelative)

Constructs an instance of a NameClassPair given its name, class name, and 
whether it is relative to the listing context. 

    name - The non-null name of the object. 
    className - The possibly null class name of the object bound to name. It is null if the 
       object bound is null. 
    isRelative - true if name is a name relative to the target context (which is named by the 
       first parameter of the list() method); false if name is a URL string. 

*javax.naming.NameClassPair.getClassName()*

public |java.lang.String| getClassName()

Retrieves the class name of the object bound to the name of this binding. If a 
reference or some other indirect information is bound, retrieves the class name 
of the eventual object that will be returned by Binding.getObject(). 


    Returns: The possibly null class name of object bound. It is null if the object bound is 
             null. 
*javax.naming.NameClassPair.getName()*

public |java.lang.String| getName()

Retrieves the name of this binding. If isRelative() is true, this name is 
relative to the target context (which is named by the first parameter of the 
list()). If isRelative() is false, this name is a URL string. 


    Returns: The non-null name of this binding. 
*javax.naming.NameClassPair.getNameInNamespace()*

public |java.lang.String| getNameInNamespace()

Retrieves the full name of this binding. The full name is the absolute name of 
this binding within its own namespace. See (|javax.naming.Context|) . 

In naming systems for which the notion of full name does not apply to this 
binding an UnsupportedOperationException is thrown. This exception is also 
thrown when a service provider written before the introduction of the method is 
in use. 

The string returned by this method is not a JNDI composite name and should not 
be passed directly to context methods. 


    Returns: The full name of this binding. 
*javax.naming.NameClassPair.isRelative()*

public boolean isRelative()

Determines whether the name of this binding is relative to the target context 
(which is named by the first parameter of the list() method). 


    Returns: true if the name of this binding is relative to the target context; false if 
             the name of this binding is a URL string. 
*javax.naming.NameClassPair.setClassName(String)*

public void setClassName(java.lang.String name)

Sets the class name of this binding. 

    name - the possibly null string to use as the class name. If null, 
       Binding.getClassName() will return the actual class name of the object 
       in the binding. The class name will be null if the object bound is null. 

*javax.naming.NameClassPair.setName(String)*

public void setName(java.lang.String name)

Sets the name of this binding. 

    name - the non-null string to use as the name. 

*javax.naming.NameClassPair.setNameInNamespace(String)*

public void setNameInNamespace(java.lang.String fullName)

Sets the full name of this binding. This method must be called to set the full 
name whenever a NameClassPair is created and a full name is applicable to this 
binding. 

Setting the full name to null, or not setting it at all, will cause 
getNameInNamespace() to throw an exception. 

    fullName - The full name to use. 

*javax.naming.NameClassPair.setRelative(boolean)*

public void setRelative(boolean r)

Sets whether the name of this binding is relative to the target context (which 
is named by the first parameter of the list() method). 

    r - If true, the name of binding is relative to the target context; if false, the 
       name of binding is a URL string. 

*javax.naming.NameClassPair.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Generates the string representation of this name/class pair. The string 
representation consists of the name and class name separated by a colon (':'). 
The contents of this string is useful for debugging and is not meant to be 
interpreted programmatically. 


    Returns: The string representation of this name/class pair. 

