*javax.xml.xpath.XPathExpression* *XPathExpression* XPathExpression provides acc

public interface interface XPathExpression


|javax.xml.xpath.XPathExpression_Description|
|javax.xml.xpath.XPathExpression_Fields|
|javax.xml.xpath.XPathExpression_Constructors|
|javax.xml.xpath.XPathExpression_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.xml.xpath.XPathExpression_Methods*
|javax.xml.xpath.XPathExpression.evaluate(InputSource)|Evaluate the compiled XP
|javax.xml.xpath.XPathExpression.evaluate(InputSource,QName)|Evaluate the compi
|javax.xml.xpath.XPathExpression.evaluate(Object)|Evaluate the compiled XPath e
|javax.xml.xpath.XPathExpression.evaluate(Object,QName)|Evaluate the compiled X

*javax.xml.xpath.XPathExpression_Description*

XPathExpression provides access to compiled XPath expressions. 



Evaluation of XPath Expressions. 



context 

If a request is made to evaluate the expression in the absence of a context 
item, an empty document node will be used for the context. For the purposes of 
evaluating XPath expressions, a DocumentFragment is treated like a Document 
node. 



variables 

If the expression contains a variable reference, its value will be found 
through the (|javax.xml.xpath.XPathVariableResolver|) . An 
(|javax.xml.xpath.XPathExpressionException|) is raised if the variable resolver 
is undefined or the resolver returns null for the variable. The value of a 
variable must be immutable through the course of any single evaluation. 



functions 

If the expression contains a function reference, the function will be found 
through the (|javax.xml.xpath.XPathFunctionResolver|) . An 
(|javax.xml.xpath.XPathExpressionException|) is raised if the function resolver 
is undefined or the function resolver returns null for the function. 



QNames 

QNames in the expression are resolved against the XPath namespace context. 



result 

This result of evaluating an expression is converted to an instance of the 
desired return type. Valid return types are defined in 
(|javax.xml.xpath.XPathConstants|) . Conversion to the return type follows 
XPath conversion rules. 




*javax.xml.xpath.XPathExpression.evaluate(InputSource)*

public |java.lang.String| evaluate(org.xml.sax.InputSource source)
  throws |javax.xml.xpath.XPathExpressionException|
         
Evaluate the compiled XPath expression in the context of the specified 
InputSource and return the result as a String. 

This method calls (|javax.xml.xpath.XPathExpression|) with a returnType of 
(|javax.xml.xpath.XPathConstants|) . 

See Evaluation of XPath Expressions for context item evaluation, variable, 
function and QName resolution and return type conversion. 

If source is null, then a NullPointerException is thrown. 

    source - The InputSource of the document to evaluate over. 

    Returns: The String that is the result of evaluating the expression and converting the 
             result to a String. 
*javax.xml.xpath.XPathExpression.evaluate(InputSource,QName)*

public |java.lang.Object| evaluate(
  org.xml.sax.InputSource source,
  javax.xml.namespace.QName returnType)
  throws |javax.xml.xpath.XPathExpressionException|
         
Evaluate the compiled XPath expression in the context of the specified 
InputSource and return the result as the specified type. 

This method builds a data model for the (|org.xml.sax.InputSource|) and calls 
(|javax.xml.xpath.XPathExpression|) on the resulting document object. 

See Evaluation of XPath Expressions for context item evaluation, variable, 
function and QName resolution and return type conversion. 

If returnType is not one of the types defined in 
(|javax.xml.xpath.XPathConstants|) , then an IllegalArgumentException is 
thrown. 

If source or returnType is null, then a NullPointerException is thrown. 

    source - The InputSource of the document to evaluate over. 
    returnType - The desired return type. 

    Returns: The Object that is the result of evaluating the expression and converting the 
             result to returnType. 
*javax.xml.xpath.XPathExpression.evaluate(Object)*

public |java.lang.String| evaluate(java.lang.Object item)
  throws |javax.xml.xpath.XPathExpressionException|
         
Evaluate the compiled XPath expression in the specified context and return the 
result as a String. 

This method calls (|javax.xml.xpath.XPathExpression|) with a returnType of 
(|javax.xml.xpath.XPathConstants|) . 

See Evaluation of XPath Expressions for context item evaluation, variable, 
function and QName resolution and return type conversion. 

If a null value is provided for item, an empty document will be used for the 
context. 

    item - The starting context (node or node list, for example). 

    Returns: The String that is the result of evaluating the expression and converting the 
             result to a String. 
*javax.xml.xpath.XPathExpression.evaluate(Object,QName)*

public |java.lang.Object| evaluate(
  java.lang.Object item,
  javax.xml.namespace.QName returnType)
  throws |javax.xml.xpath.XPathExpressionException|
         
Evaluate the compiled XPath expression in the specified context and return the 
result as the specified type. 

See Evaluation of XPath Expressions for context item evaluation, variable, 
function and QName resolution and return type conversion. 

If returnType is not one of the types defined in 
(|javax.xml.xpath.XPathConstants|) , then an IllegalArgumentException is 
thrown. 

If a null value is provided for item, an empty document will be used for the 
context. If returnType is null, then a NullPointerException is thrown. 

    item - The starting context (node or node list, for example). 
    returnType - The desired return type. 

    Returns: The Object that is the result of evaluating the expression and converting the 
             result to returnType. 

