*java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo* *MemoryNotificationInfo* The infor

public class MemoryNotificationInfo
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo_Description|
|java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo_Fields|
|java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo_Constructors|
|java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo_Fields*
|java.lang.String_java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo.MEMORY_COLLECTION_THRESHOLD_EXCEEDED|
|java.lang.String_java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo.MEMORY_THRESHOLD_EXCEEDED|

*java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo_Constructors*
|java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo(String,MemoryUsage,long)|Construct

*java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo_Methods*
|java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo.from(CompositeData)|Returns a Memo
|java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo.getCount()|Returns the number of t
|java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo.getPoolName()|Returns the name of 
|java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo.getUsage()|Returns the memory usag

*java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo_Description*

The information about a memory notification. 

A memory notification is emitted by (|java.lang.management.MemoryMXBean|) when 
the Java virtual machine detects that the memory usage of a memory pool is 
exceeding a threshold value. The notification emitted will contain the memory 
notification information about the detected condition: 

The name of the memory pool. The memory usage of the memory pool when the 
notification was constructed. The number of times that the memory usage has 
crossed a threshold when the notification was constructed. For usage threshold 
notifications, this count will be the usage threshold 
count(|java.lang.management.MemoryPoolMXBean|) . For collection threshold 
notifications, this count will be the collection usage threshold 
count(|java.lang.management.MemoryPoolMXBean|) . 



A CompositeData(|javax.management.openmbean.CompositeData|) representing the 
MemoryNotificationInfo object is stored in the user 
data(|javax.management.Notification|) of a 
notification(|javax.management.Notification|) . The 
from(|java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo|) method is provided to 
convert from a CompositeData to a MemoryNotificationInfo object. For example: 



Notification notif; 

// receive the notification emitted by MemoryMXBean and set to notif ... 

String notifType = notif.getType(); if 
(notifType.equals(MemoryNotificationInfo.MEMORY_THRESHOLD_EXCEEDED) || 
notifType.equals(MemoryNotificationInfo.MEMORY_COLLECTION_THRESHOLD_EXCEEDED)) 
{ // retrieve the memory notification information CompositeData cd = 
(CompositeData) notif.getUserData(); MemoryNotificationInfo info = 
MemoryNotificationInfo.from(cd); .... } 

The types of notifications emitted by MemoryMXBean are: 

A usage threshold exceeded 
notification(|java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo|) . This notification 
will be emitted when the memory usage of a memory pool is increased and has 
reached or exceeded its usage threshold value. Subsequent crossing of the usage 
threshold value does not cause further notification until the memory usage has 
returned to become less than the usage threshold value. 

A collection usage threshold exceeded 
notification(|java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo|) . This notification 
will be emitted when the memory usage of a memory pool is greater than or equal 
to its 

collection usage threshold after the Java virtual machine has expended effort 
in recycling unused objects in that memory pool. 


*java.lang.String_java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo.MEMORY_COLLECTION_THRESHOLD_EXCEEDED*

The information about a memory notification. 

A memory notification is emitted by (|java.lang.management.MemoryMXBean|) when 
the Java virtual machine detects that the memory usage of a memory pool is 
exceeding a threshold value. The notification emitted will contain the memory 
notification information about the detected condition: 

The name of the memory pool. The memory usage of the memory pool when the 
notification was constructed. The number of times that the memory usage has 
crossed a threshold when the notification was constructed. For usage threshold 
notifications, this count will be the usage threshold 
count(|java.lang.management.MemoryPoolMXBean|) . For collection threshold 
notifications, this count will be the collection usage threshold 
count(|java.lang.management.MemoryPoolMXBean|) . 



A CompositeData(|javax.management.openmbean.CompositeData|) representing the 
MemoryNotificationInfo object is stored in the user 
data(|javax.management.Notification|) of a 
notification(|javax.management.Notification|) . The 
from(|java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo|) method is provided to 
convert from a CompositeData to a MemoryNotificationInfo object. For example: 



Notification notif; 

// receive the notification emitted by MemoryMXBean and set to notif ... 

String notifType = notif.getType(); if 
(notifType.equals(MemoryNotificationInfo.MEMORY_THRESHOLD_EXCEEDED) || 
notifType.equals(MemoryNotificationInfo.MEMORY_COLLECTION_THRESHOLD_EXCEEDED)) 
{ // retrieve the memory notification information CompositeData cd = 
(CompositeData) notif.getUserData(); MemoryNotificationInfo info = 
MemoryNotificationInfo.from(cd); .... } 

The types of notifications emitted by MemoryMXBean are: 

A usage threshold exceeded 
notification(|java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo|) . This notification 
will be emitted when the memory usage of a memory pool is increased and has 
reached or exceeded its usage threshold value. Subsequent crossing of the usage 
threshold value does not cause further notification until the memory usage has 
returned to become less than the usage threshold value. 

A collection usage threshold exceeded 
notification(|java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo|) . This notification 
will be emitted when the memory usage of a memory pool is greater than or equal 
to its 

collection usage threshold after the Java virtual machine has expended effort 
in recycling unused objects in that memory pool. 


*java.lang.String_java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo.MEMORY_THRESHOLD_EXCEEDED*

The information about a memory notification. 

A memory notification is emitted by (|java.lang.management.MemoryMXBean|) when 
the Java virtual machine detects that the memory usage of a memory pool is 
exceeding a threshold value. The notification emitted will contain the memory 
notification information about the detected condition: 

The name of the memory pool. The memory usage of the memory pool when the 
notification was constructed. The number of times that the memory usage has 
crossed a threshold when the notification was constructed. For usage threshold 
notifications, this count will be the usage threshold 
count(|java.lang.management.MemoryPoolMXBean|) . For collection threshold 
notifications, this count will be the collection usage threshold 
count(|java.lang.management.MemoryPoolMXBean|) . 



A CompositeData(|javax.management.openmbean.CompositeData|) representing the 
MemoryNotificationInfo object is stored in the user 
data(|javax.management.Notification|) of a 
notification(|javax.management.Notification|) . The 
from(|java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo|) method is provided to 
convert from a CompositeData to a MemoryNotificationInfo object. For example: 



Notification notif; 

// receive the notification emitted by MemoryMXBean and set to notif ... 

String notifType = notif.getType(); if 
(notifType.equals(MemoryNotificationInfo.MEMORY_THRESHOLD_EXCEEDED) || 
notifType.equals(MemoryNotificationInfo.MEMORY_COLLECTION_THRESHOLD_EXCEEDED)) 
{ // retrieve the memory notification information CompositeData cd = 
(CompositeData) notif.getUserData(); MemoryNotificationInfo info = 
MemoryNotificationInfo.from(cd); .... } 

The types of notifications emitted by MemoryMXBean are: 

A usage threshold exceeded 
notification(|java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo|) . This notification 
will be emitted when the memory usage of a memory pool is increased and has 
reached or exceeded its usage threshold value. Subsequent crossing of the usage 
threshold value does not cause further notification until the memory usage has 
returned to become less than the usage threshold value. 

A collection usage threshold exceeded 
notification(|java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo|) . This notification 
will be emitted when the memory usage of a memory pool is greater than or equal 
to its 

collection usage threshold after the Java virtual machine has expended effort 
in recycling unused objects in that memory pool. 



*java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo(String,MemoryUsage,long)*

public MemoryNotificationInfo(
  java.lang.String poolName,
  java.lang.management.MemoryUsage usage,
  long count)

Constructs a MemoryNotificationInfo object. 

    poolName - The name of the memory pool which triggers this notification. 
    usage - Memory usage of the memory pool. 
    count - The threshold crossing count. 

*java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo.from(CompositeData)*

public static |java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo| from(javax.management.openmbean.CompositeData cd)

Returns a MemoryNotificationInfo object represented by the given CompositeData. 
The given CompositeData must contain the following attributes: 



Attribute Name Type 

poolName java.lang.String 

usage javax.management.openmbean.CompositeData 

count java.lang.Long 



    cd - CompositeData representing a MemoryNotificationInfo 

    Returns: a MemoryNotificationInfo object represented by cd if cd is not null; null 
             otherwise. 
*java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo.getCount()*

public long getCount()

Returns the number of times that the memory usage has crossed a threshold when 
the notification was constructed. For usage threshold notifications, this count 
will be the threshold count(|java.lang.management.MemoryPoolMXBean|) . For 
collection threshold notifications, this count will be the collection usage 
threshold count(|java.lang.management.MemoryPoolMXBean|) . 


    Returns: the number of times that the memory usage has crossed a threshold when the 
             notification was constructed. 
*java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo.getPoolName()*

public |java.lang.String| getPoolName()

Returns the name of the memory pool that triggers this notification. The memory 
pool usage has crossed a threshold. 


    Returns: the name of the memory pool that triggers this notification. 
*java.lang.management.MemoryNotificationInfo.getUsage()*

public |java.lang.management.MemoryUsage| getUsage()

Returns the memory usage of the memory pool when this notification was 
constructed. 


    Returns: the memory usage of the memory pool when this notification was constructed. 

