*javax.management.monitor.Monitor* *Monitor* Defines the common part to all moni

public abstract class Monitor
  extends    |javax.management.NotificationBroadcasterSupport|
  implements |javax.management.monitor.MonitorMBean|
             |javax.management.MBeanRegistration|

|javax.management.monitor.Monitor_Description|
|javax.management.monitor.Monitor_Fields|
|javax.management.monitor.Monitor_Constructors|
|javax.management.monitor.Monitor_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.management.monitor.Monitor_Fields*
|int_javax.management.monitor.Monitor.alreadyNotified|
|int[]_javax.management.monitor.Monitor.alreadyNotifieds|
|int_javax.management.monitor.Monitor.capacityIncrement|
|java.lang.String_javax.management.monitor.Monitor.dbgTag|
|int_javax.management.monitor.Monitor.elementCount|
|int_javax.management.monitor.Monitor.OBSERVED_ATTRIBUTE_ERROR_NOTIFIED|
|int_javax.management.monitor.Monitor.OBSERVED_ATTRIBUTE_TYPE_ERROR_NOTIFIED|
|int_javax.management.monitor.Monitor.OBSERVED_OBJECT_ERROR_NOTIFIED|
|int_javax.management.monitor.Monitor.RESET_FLAGS_ALREADY_NOTIFIED|
|int_javax.management.monitor.Monitor.RUNTIME_ERROR_NOTIFIED|
|javax.management.MBeanServer_javax.management.monitor.Monitor.server|

*javax.management.monitor.Monitor_Constructors*
|javax.management.monitor.Monitor()|

*javax.management.monitor.Monitor_Methods*
|javax.management.monitor.Monitor.addObservedObject(ObjectName)|Adds the specif
|javax.management.monitor.Monitor.containsObservedObject(ObjectName)|Tests whet
|javax.management.monitor.Monitor.getGranularityPeriod()|Gets the granularity p
|javax.management.monitor.Monitor.getObservedAttribute()|Gets the attribute bei
|javax.management.monitor.Monitor.getObservedObject()|Returns the object name o
|javax.management.monitor.Monitor.getObservedObjects()|Returns an array contain
|javax.management.monitor.Monitor.isActive()|Tests whether the monitor MBean is
|javax.management.monitor.Monitor.postDeregister()|Allows the monitor MBean to 
|javax.management.monitor.Monitor.postRegister(Boolean)|Allows the monitor MBea
|javax.management.monitor.Monitor.preDeregister()|Allows the monitor MBean to p
|javax.management.monitor.Monitor.preRegister(MBeanServer,ObjectName)|Allows th
|javax.management.monitor.Monitor.removeObservedObject(ObjectName)|Removes the 
|javax.management.monitor.Monitor.setGranularityPeriod(long)|Sets the granulari
|javax.management.monitor.Monitor.setObservedAttribute(String)|Sets the attribu
|javax.management.monitor.Monitor.setObservedObject(ObjectName)|Removes all obj
|javax.management.monitor.Monitor.start()|Starts the monitor.
|javax.management.monitor.Monitor.stop()|Stops the monitor.

*javax.management.monitor.Monitor_Description*

Defines the common part to all monitor MBeans. A monitor MBean monitors values 
of an attribute common to a set of observed MBeans. The observed attribute is 
monitored at intervals specified by the granularity period. A gauge value 
(derived gauge) is derived from the values of the observed attribute. 


*int_javax.management.monitor.Monitor.alreadyNotified*

Defines the common part to all monitor MBeans. A monitor MBean monitors values 
of an attribute common to a set of observed MBeans. The observed attribute is 
monitored at intervals specified by the granularity period. A gauge value 
(derived gauge) is derived from the values of the observed attribute. 


*int[]_javax.management.monitor.Monitor.alreadyNotifieds*

Defines the common part to all monitor MBeans. A monitor MBean monitors values 
of an attribute common to a set of observed MBeans. The observed attribute is 
monitored at intervals specified by the granularity period. A gauge value 
(derived gauge) is derived from the values of the observed attribute. 


*int_javax.management.monitor.Monitor.capacityIncrement*

Defines the common part to all monitor MBeans. A monitor MBean monitors values 
of an attribute common to a set of observed MBeans. The observed attribute is 
monitored at intervals specified by the granularity period. A gauge value 
(derived gauge) is derived from the values of the observed attribute. 


*java.lang.String_javax.management.monitor.Monitor.dbgTag*

Defines the common part to all monitor MBeans. A monitor MBean monitors values 
of an attribute common to a set of observed MBeans. The observed attribute is 
monitored at intervals specified by the granularity period. A gauge value 
(derived gauge) is derived from the values of the observed attribute. 


*int_javax.management.monitor.Monitor.elementCount*

Defines the common part to all monitor MBeans. A monitor MBean monitors values 
of an attribute common to a set of observed MBeans. The observed attribute is 
monitored at intervals specified by the granularity period. A gauge value 
(derived gauge) is derived from the values of the observed attribute. 


*int_javax.management.monitor.Monitor.OBSERVED_ATTRIBUTE_ERROR_NOTIFIED*

Defines the common part to all monitor MBeans. A monitor MBean monitors values 
of an attribute common to a set of observed MBeans. The observed attribute is 
monitored at intervals specified by the granularity period. A gauge value 
(derived gauge) is derived from the values of the observed attribute. 


*int_javax.management.monitor.Monitor.OBSERVED_ATTRIBUTE_TYPE_ERROR_NOTIFIED*

Defines the common part to all monitor MBeans. A monitor MBean monitors values 
of an attribute common to a set of observed MBeans. The observed attribute is 
monitored at intervals specified by the granularity period. A gauge value 
(derived gauge) is derived from the values of the observed attribute. 


*int_javax.management.monitor.Monitor.OBSERVED_OBJECT_ERROR_NOTIFIED*

Defines the common part to all monitor MBeans. A monitor MBean monitors values 
of an attribute common to a set of observed MBeans. The observed attribute is 
monitored at intervals specified by the granularity period. A gauge value 
(derived gauge) is derived from the values of the observed attribute. 


*int_javax.management.monitor.Monitor.RESET_FLAGS_ALREADY_NOTIFIED*

Defines the common part to all monitor MBeans. A monitor MBean monitors values 
of an attribute common to a set of observed MBeans. The observed attribute is 
monitored at intervals specified by the granularity period. A gauge value 
(derived gauge) is derived from the values of the observed attribute. 


*int_javax.management.monitor.Monitor.RUNTIME_ERROR_NOTIFIED*

Defines the common part to all monitor MBeans. A monitor MBean monitors values 
of an attribute common to a set of observed MBeans. The observed attribute is 
monitored at intervals specified by the granularity period. A gauge value 
(derived gauge) is derived from the values of the observed attribute. 


*javax.management.MBeanServer_javax.management.monitor.Monitor.server*

Defines the common part to all monitor MBeans. A monitor MBean monitors values 
of an attribute common to a set of observed MBeans. The observed attribute is 
monitored at intervals specified by the granularity period. A gauge value 
(derived gauge) is derived from the values of the observed attribute. 



*javax.management.monitor.Monitor()*

public Monitor()




*javax.management.monitor.Monitor.addObservedObject(ObjectName)*

public synchronized void addObservedObject(javax.management.ObjectName object)
  throws |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         
Adds the specified object in the set of observed MBeans, if this object is not 
already present. 

    object - The object to observe. 

*javax.management.monitor.Monitor.containsObservedObject(ObjectName)*

public boolean containsObservedObject(javax.management.ObjectName object)

Tests whether the specified object is in the set of observed MBeans. 

    object - The object to check. 

    Returns: true if the specified object is present, false otherwise. 
*javax.management.monitor.Monitor.getGranularityPeriod()*

public synchronized long getGranularityPeriod()

Gets the granularity period (in milliseconds). The default value of the 
granularity period is 10 seconds. 


    Returns: The granularity period value. 
*javax.management.monitor.Monitor.getObservedAttribute()*

public |java.lang.String| getObservedAttribute()

Gets the attribute being observed. The observed attribute is not initialized by 
default (set to null). 


    Returns: The attribute being observed. 
*javax.management.monitor.Monitor.getObservedObject()*

public |javax.management.ObjectName| getObservedObject()

Returns the object name of the first object in the set of observed MBeans, or 
null if there is no such object. 


    Returns: The object being observed. 
*javax.management.monitor.Monitor.getObservedObjects()*

public |javax.management.ObjectName| getObservedObjects()

Returns an array containing the objects being observed. 


    Returns: The objects being observed. 
*javax.management.monitor.Monitor.isActive()*

public synchronized boolean isActive()

Tests whether the monitor MBean is active. A monitor MBean is marked active 
when the start(|javax.management.monitor.Monitor|) method is called. It becomes 
inactive when the stop(|javax.management.monitor.Monitor|) method is called. 


    Returns: true if the monitor MBean is active, false otherwise. 
*javax.management.monitor.Monitor.postDeregister()*

public void postDeregister()

Allows the monitor MBean to perform any operations needed after having been 
unregistered by the MBean server. 

Not used in this context. 


*javax.management.monitor.Monitor.postRegister(Boolean)*

public void postRegister(java.lang.Boolean registrationDone)

Allows the monitor MBean to perform any operations needed after having been 
registered in the MBean server or after the registration has failed. 

Not used in this context. 


*javax.management.monitor.Monitor.preDeregister()*

public void preDeregister()
  throws |java.lang.Exception|
         
Allows the monitor MBean to perform any operations it needs before being 
unregistered by the MBean server. 

Stops the monitor. 


*javax.management.monitor.Monitor.preRegister(MBeanServer,ObjectName)*

public |javax.management.ObjectName| preRegister(
  javax.management.MBeanServer server,
  javax.management.ObjectName name)
  throws |java.lang.Exception|
         
Allows the monitor MBean to perform any operations it needs before being 
registered in the MBean server. 

Initializes the reference to the MBean server. 

    server - The MBean server in which the monitor MBean will be registered. 
    name - The object name of the monitor MBean. 

    Returns: The name of the monitor MBean registered. 
*javax.management.monitor.Monitor.removeObservedObject(ObjectName)*

public void removeObservedObject(javax.management.ObjectName object)

Removes the specified object from the set of observed MBeans. 

    object - The object to remove. 

*javax.management.monitor.Monitor.setGranularityPeriod(long)*

public synchronized void setGranularityPeriod(long period)
  throws |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         
Sets the granularity period (in milliseconds). The default value of the 
granularity period is 10 seconds. 

    period - The granularity period value. 

*javax.management.monitor.Monitor.setObservedAttribute(String)*

public void setObservedAttribute(java.lang.String attribute)
  throws |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         
Sets the attribute to observe. The observed attribute is not initialized by 
default (set to null). 

    attribute - The attribute to observe. 

*javax.management.monitor.Monitor.setObservedObject(ObjectName)*

public synchronized void setObservedObject(javax.management.ObjectName object)
  throws |java.lang.IllegalArgumentException|
         
Removes all objects from the set of observed objects, and then adds the 
specified object. 

    object - The object to observe. 

*javax.management.monitor.Monitor.start()*

public abstract void start()

Starts the monitor. 


*javax.management.monitor.Monitor.stop()*

public abstract void stop()

Stops the monitor. 



