*javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReasons* *PrinterStateReasons* Class

public final class PrinterStateReasons
  extends    |java.util.HashMap|
  implements |javax.print.attribute.PrintServiceAttribute|

|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReasons_Description|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReasons_Fields|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReasons_Constructors|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReasons_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReasons_Constructors*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReasons()|Construct a new, empty pr
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReasons(int)|super a new, empty pri
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReasons(int,float)|Construct a new,
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReasons(Map)|Construct a new printe

*javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReasons_Methods*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReasons.getCategory()|Get the print
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReasons.getName()|Get the name of t
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReasons.printerStateReasonSet(Severity)|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReasons.put(PrinterStateReason,Severity)|

*javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReasons_Description*

Class PrinterStateReasons is a printing attribute class, a set of enumeration 
values, that provides additional information about the printer's current state, 
i.e., information that augments the value of the printer's 
PrinterState(|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterState|) attribute. 

Instances of 
PrinterStateReason(|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReason|) do not 
appear in a Print Service's attribute set directly. Rather, a 
PrinterStateReasons attribute appears in the Print Service's attribute set. The 
PrinterStateReasons attribute contains zero, one, or more than one 
PrinterStateReason(|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReason|) objects 
which pertain to the Print Service's status, and each 
PrinterStateReason(|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReason|) object 
is associated with a Severity(|javax.print.attribute.standard.Severity|) level 
of REPORT (least severe), WARNING, or ERROR (most severe). The printer adds a 
PrinterStateReason(|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReason|) object 
to the Print Service's PrinterStateReasons attribute when the corresponding 
condition becomes true of the printer, and the printer removes the 
PrinterStateReason(|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReason|) object 
again when the corresponding condition becomes false, regardless of whether the 
Print Service's overall 
PrinterState(|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterState|) also changed. 

Class PrinterStateReasons inherits its implementation from class 
java.util.HashMap(|java.util.HashMap|) . Each entry in the map consists of a 
PrinterStateReason(|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReason|) object 
(key) mapping to a Severity(|javax.print.attribute.standard.Severity|) object 
(value): 

Unlike most printing attributes which are immutable once constructed, class 
PrinterStateReasons is designed to be mutable; you can add 
PrinterStateReason(|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReason|) objects 
to an existing PrinterStateReasons object and remove them again. However, like 
class java.util.HashMap(|java.util.HashMap|) , class PrinterStateReasons is bot 
multiple thread safe. If a PrinterStateReasons object will be used by multiple 
threads, be sure to synchronize its operations (e.g., using a synchronized map 
view obtained from class java.util.Collections(|java.util.Collections|) ). 

IPP Compatibility: The string values returned by each individual 
PrinterStateReason(|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReason|) 
object's and the associated Severity(|javax.print.attribute.standard.Severity|) 
object's toString() methods, concatenated together with a hyphen ("-") in 
between, gives the IPP keyword value. The category name returned by getName() 
gives the IPP attribute name. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReasons()*

public PrinterStateReasons()

Construct a new, empty printer state reasons attribute; the underlying hash map 
has the default initial capacity and load factor. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReasons(int)*

public PrinterStateReasons(int initialCapacity)

super a new, empty printer state reasons attribute; the underlying hash map has 
the given initial capacity and the default load factor. 

    initialCapacity - Initial capacity. 

*javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReasons(int,float)*

public PrinterStateReasons(
  int initialCapacity,
  float loadFactor)

Construct a new, empty printer state reasons attribute; the underlying hash map 
has the given initial capacity and load factor. 

    initialCapacity - Initial capacity. 
    loadFactor - Load factor. 

*javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReasons(Map)*

public PrinterStateReasons(java.util.Map map)

Construct a new printer state reasons attribute that contains the same 
PrinterStateReason(|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReason|) -to- 
Severity(|javax.print.attribute.standard.Severity|) mappings as the given map. 
The underlying hash map's initial capacity and load factor are as specified in 
the superclass constructor <CODE>HashMap(Map)</CODE>(|java.util.HashMap|) . 

    map - Map to copy. 

*javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReasons.getCategory()*

public final |java.lang.Class| getCategory()

Get the printing attribute class which is to be used as the "category" for this 
printing attribute value. 

For class PrinterStateReasons, the category is class PrinterStateReasons 
itself. 


    Returns: Printing attribute class (category), an instance of class {@link 
             java.lang.Class java.lang.Class}. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReasons.getName()*

public final |java.lang.String| getName()

Get the name of the category of which this attribute value is an instance. 

For class PrinterStateReasons, the category name is "printer-state-reasons". 


    Returns: Attribute category name. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReasons.printerStateReasonSet(Severity)*

public |java.util.Set| printerStateReasonSet(javax.print.attribute.standard.Severity severity)

Obtain an unmodifiable set view of the individual printer state reason 
attributes at the given severity level in this PrinterStateReasons attribute. 
Each element in the set view is a 
PrinterStateReason(|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReason|) object. 
The only elements in the set view are the 
PrinterStateReason(|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReason|) objects 
that map to the given severity value. The set view is backed by this 
PrinterStateReasons attribute, so changes to this PrinterStateReasons attribute 
are reflected in the set view. The set view does not support element insertion 
or removal. The set view's iterator does not support element removal. 

    severity - Severity level. 

    Returns: Set view of the individual {@link PrinterStateReason PrinterStateReason} 
             attributes at the given {@link Severity Severity} level. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReasons.put(PrinterStateReason,Severity)*

public |javax.print.attribute.standard.Severity| put(
  javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterStateReason reason,
  javax.print.attribute.standard.Severity severity)

Adds the given printer state reason to this printer state reasons attribute, 
associating it with the given severity level. If this printer state reasons 
attribute previously contained a mapping for the given printer state reason, 
the old value is replaced. 

    reason - Printer state reason. This must be an instance of class {@link 
       PrinterStateReason PrinterStateReason}. 
    severity - Severity of the printer state reason. This must be an instance of class {@link 
       Severity Severity}. 

    Returns: Previous severity associated with the given printer state reason, or null if 
             the given printer state reason was not present. 

