*java.text.DateFormat.Field* *DateFormat.Field* Defines constants that are used 

public static class DateFormat.Field
  extends    |java.text.Format.Field|

|java.text.DateFormat.Field_Description|
|java.text.DateFormat.Field_Fields|
|java.text.DateFormat.Field_Constructors|
|java.text.DateFormat.Field_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.text.DateFormat.Field_Fields*
|java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.AM_PM|
|java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.DAY_OF_MONTH|
|java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.DAY_OF_WEEK|
|java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.DAY_OF_WEEK_IN_MONTH|
|java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.DAY_OF_YEAR|
|java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.ERA|
|java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.HOUR_OF_DAY0|
|java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.HOUR_OF_DAY1|
|java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.HOUR0|
|java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.HOUR1|
|java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.MILLISECOND|
|java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.MINUTE|
|java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.MONTH|
|java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.SECOND|
|java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.TIME_ZONE|
|java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.WEEK_OF_MONTH|
|java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.WEEK_OF_YEAR|
|java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.YEAR|

*java.text.DateFormat.Field_Constructors*
|java.text.DateFormat.Field(String,int)|Creates a Field with the specified name

*java.text.DateFormat.Field_Methods*
|java.text.DateFormat.Field.getCalendarField()|Returns the Calendar field assoc
|java.text.DateFormat.Field.ofCalendarField(int)|Returns the Field constant tha
|java.text.DateFormat.Field.readResolve()|Resolves instances being deserialized

*java.text.DateFormat.Field_Description*

Defines constants that are used as attribute keys in the 
AttributedCharacterIterator returned from DateFormat.formatToCharacterIterator 
and as field identifiers in FieldPosition. 

The class also provides two methods to map between its constants and the 
corresponding Calendar constants. 


*java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.AM_PM*

Defines constants that are used as attribute keys in the 
AttributedCharacterIterator returned from DateFormat.formatToCharacterIterator 
and as field identifiers in FieldPosition. 

The class also provides two methods to map between its constants and the 
corresponding Calendar constants. 


*java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.DAY_OF_MONTH*

Defines constants that are used as attribute keys in the 
AttributedCharacterIterator returned from DateFormat.formatToCharacterIterator 
and as field identifiers in FieldPosition. 

The class also provides two methods to map between its constants and the 
corresponding Calendar constants. 


*java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.DAY_OF_WEEK*

Defines constants that are used as attribute keys in the 
AttributedCharacterIterator returned from DateFormat.formatToCharacterIterator 
and as field identifiers in FieldPosition. 

The class also provides two methods to map between its constants and the 
corresponding Calendar constants. 


*java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.DAY_OF_WEEK_IN_MONTH*

Defines constants that are used as attribute keys in the 
AttributedCharacterIterator returned from DateFormat.formatToCharacterIterator 
and as field identifiers in FieldPosition. 

The class also provides two methods to map between its constants and the 
corresponding Calendar constants. 


*java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.DAY_OF_YEAR*

Defines constants that are used as attribute keys in the 
AttributedCharacterIterator returned from DateFormat.formatToCharacterIterator 
and as field identifiers in FieldPosition. 

The class also provides two methods to map between its constants and the 
corresponding Calendar constants. 


*java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.ERA*

Defines constants that are used as attribute keys in the 
AttributedCharacterIterator returned from DateFormat.formatToCharacterIterator 
and as field identifiers in FieldPosition. 

The class also provides two methods to map between its constants and the 
corresponding Calendar constants. 


*java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.HOUR_OF_DAY0*

Defines constants that are used as attribute keys in the 
AttributedCharacterIterator returned from DateFormat.formatToCharacterIterator 
and as field identifiers in FieldPosition. 

The class also provides two methods to map between its constants and the 
corresponding Calendar constants. 


*java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.HOUR_OF_DAY1*

Defines constants that are used as attribute keys in the 
AttributedCharacterIterator returned from DateFormat.formatToCharacterIterator 
and as field identifiers in FieldPosition. 

The class also provides two methods to map between its constants and the 
corresponding Calendar constants. 


*java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.HOUR0*

Defines constants that are used as attribute keys in the 
AttributedCharacterIterator returned from DateFormat.formatToCharacterIterator 
and as field identifiers in FieldPosition. 

The class also provides two methods to map between its constants and the 
corresponding Calendar constants. 


*java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.HOUR1*

Defines constants that are used as attribute keys in the 
AttributedCharacterIterator returned from DateFormat.formatToCharacterIterator 
and as field identifiers in FieldPosition. 

The class also provides two methods to map between its constants and the 
corresponding Calendar constants. 


*java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.MILLISECOND*

Defines constants that are used as attribute keys in the 
AttributedCharacterIterator returned from DateFormat.formatToCharacterIterator 
and as field identifiers in FieldPosition. 

The class also provides two methods to map between its constants and the 
corresponding Calendar constants. 


*java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.MINUTE*

Defines constants that are used as attribute keys in the 
AttributedCharacterIterator returned from DateFormat.formatToCharacterIterator 
and as field identifiers in FieldPosition. 

The class also provides two methods to map between its constants and the 
corresponding Calendar constants. 


*java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.MONTH*

Defines constants that are used as attribute keys in the 
AttributedCharacterIterator returned from DateFormat.formatToCharacterIterator 
and as field identifiers in FieldPosition. 

The class also provides two methods to map between its constants and the 
corresponding Calendar constants. 


*java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.SECOND*

Defines constants that are used as attribute keys in the 
AttributedCharacterIterator returned from DateFormat.formatToCharacterIterator 
and as field identifiers in FieldPosition. 

The class also provides two methods to map between its constants and the 
corresponding Calendar constants. 


*java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.TIME_ZONE*

Defines constants that are used as attribute keys in the 
AttributedCharacterIterator returned from DateFormat.formatToCharacterIterator 
and as field identifiers in FieldPosition. 

The class also provides two methods to map between its constants and the 
corresponding Calendar constants. 


*java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.WEEK_OF_MONTH*

Defines constants that are used as attribute keys in the 
AttributedCharacterIterator returned from DateFormat.formatToCharacterIterator 
and as field identifiers in FieldPosition. 

The class also provides two methods to map between its constants and the 
corresponding Calendar constants. 


*java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.WEEK_OF_YEAR*

Defines constants that are used as attribute keys in the 
AttributedCharacterIterator returned from DateFormat.formatToCharacterIterator 
and as field identifiers in FieldPosition. 

The class also provides two methods to map between its constants and the 
corresponding Calendar constants. 


*java.text.DateFormat.Field_java.text.DateFormat.Field.YEAR*

Defines constants that are used as attribute keys in the 
AttributedCharacterIterator returned from DateFormat.formatToCharacterIterator 
and as field identifiers in FieldPosition. 

The class also provides two methods to map between its constants and the 
corresponding Calendar constants. 



*java.text.DateFormat.Field(String,int)*

protected DateFormat.Field(
  java.lang.String name,
  int calendarField)

Creates a Field with the specified name. calendarField is used to identify the 
Calendar field this attribute represents. Use -1 if this field does not have a 
corresponding Calendar value. 

    name - Name of the attribute 
    calendarField - Calendar constant 

*java.text.DateFormat.Field.getCalendarField()*

public int getCalendarField()

Returns the Calendar field associated with this attribute. For example, if this 
represents the hours field of a Calendar, this would return Calendar.HOUR. If 
there is no corresponding Calendar constant, this will return -1. 


    Returns: Calendar constant for this field 
*java.text.DateFormat.Field.ofCalendarField(int)*

public static |java.text.DateFormat.Field| ofCalendarField(int calendarField)

Returns the Field constant that corresponds to the Calendar constant 
calendarField. If there is no direct mapping between the Calendar constant and 
a Field, null is returned. 

    calendarField - Calendar field constant 

    Returns: Field instance representing calendarField. 
*java.text.DateFormat.Field.readResolve()*

protected |java.lang.Object| readResolve()
  throws |java.io.InvalidObjectException|
         
Resolves instances being deserialized to the predefined constants. 


    Returns: resolved DateFormat.Field constant 

