*java.rmi.activation.ActivationException* *ActivationException* General exceptio

public class ActivationException
  extends    |java.lang.Exception|

|java.rmi.activation.ActivationException_Description|
|java.rmi.activation.ActivationException_Fields|
|java.rmi.activation.ActivationException_Constructors|
|java.rmi.activation.ActivationException_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.rmi.activation.ActivationException_Fields*
|java.lang.Throwable_java.rmi.activation.ActivationException.detail|

*java.rmi.activation.ActivationException_Constructors*
|java.rmi.activation.ActivationException()|Constructs an ActivationException.
|java.rmi.activation.ActivationException(String)|Constructs an ActivationExcept
|java.rmi.activation.ActivationException(String,Throwable)|Constructs an Activa

*java.rmi.activation.ActivationException_Methods*
|java.rmi.activation.ActivationException.getCause()|Returns the cause of this e
|java.rmi.activation.ActivationException.getMessage()|Returns the detail messag

*java.rmi.activation.ActivationException_Description*

General exception used by the activation interfaces. 

As of release 1.4, this exception has been retrofitted to conform to the 
general purpose exception-chaining mechanism. The "detail exception" that may 
be provided at construction time and accessed via the public 
(|java.rmi.activation.ActivationException|) field is now known as the cause, 
and may be accessed via the (|java.lang.Throwable|) method, as well as the 
aforementioned "legacy field." 

Invoking the method (|java.lang.Throwable|) on an instance of 
ActivationException always throws (|java.lang.IllegalStateException|) . 


*java.lang.Throwable_java.rmi.activation.ActivationException.detail*

General exception used by the activation interfaces. 

As of release 1.4, this exception has been retrofitted to conform to the 
general purpose exception-chaining mechanism. The "detail exception" that may 
be provided at construction time and accessed via the public 
(|java.rmi.activation.ActivationException|) field is now known as the cause, 
and may be accessed via the (|java.lang.Throwable|) method, as well as the 
aforementioned "legacy field." 

Invoking the method (|java.lang.Throwable|) on an instance of 
ActivationException always throws (|java.lang.IllegalStateException|) . 



*java.rmi.activation.ActivationException()*

public ActivationException()

Constructs an ActivationException. 


*java.rmi.activation.ActivationException(String)*

public ActivationException(java.lang.String s)

Constructs an ActivationException with the specified detail message. 

    s - the detail message 

*java.rmi.activation.ActivationException(String,Throwable)*

public ActivationException(
  java.lang.String s,
  java.lang.Throwable cause)

Constructs an ActivationException with the specified detail message and cause. 
This constructor sets the (|java.rmi.activation.ActivationException|) field to 
the specified Throwable. 

    s - the detail message 
    cause - the cause 

*java.rmi.activation.ActivationException.getCause()*

public |java.lang.Throwable| getCause()

Returns the cause of this exception. This method returns the value of the 
(|java.rmi.activation.ActivationException|) field. 


    Returns: the cause, which may be null. 
*java.rmi.activation.ActivationException.getMessage()*

public |java.lang.String| getMessage()

Returns the detail message, including the message from the cause, if any, of 
this exception. 


    Returns: the detail message 

