*java.sql.SQLOutput* *SQLOutput* The output stream for writing the attributes of

public interface interface SQLOutput


|java.sql.SQLOutput_Description|
|java.sql.SQLOutput_Fields|
|java.sql.SQLOutput_Constructors|
|java.sql.SQLOutput_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.sql.SQLOutput_Methods*
|java.sql.SQLOutput.writeArray(Array)|Writes an SQL ARRAY value to the stream.
|java.sql.SQLOutput.writeAsciiStream(InputStream)|Writes the next attribute to 
|java.sql.SQLOutput.writeBigDecimal(BigDecimal)|Writes the next attribute to th
|java.sql.SQLOutput.writeBinaryStream(InputStream)|Writes the next attribute to
|java.sql.SQLOutput.writeBlob(Blob)|Writes an SQL BLOB value to the stream.
|java.sql.SQLOutput.writeBoolean(boolean)|Writes the next attribute to the stre
|java.sql.SQLOutput.writeByte(byte)|Writes the next attribute to the stream as 
|java.sql.SQLOutput.writeBytes(byte[])|Writes the next attribute to the stream 
|java.sql.SQLOutput.writeCharacterStream(Reader)|Writes the next attribute to t
|java.sql.SQLOutput.writeClob(Clob)|Writes an SQL CLOB value to the stream.
|java.sql.SQLOutput.writeDate(Date)|Writes the next attribute to the stream as 
|java.sql.SQLOutput.writeDouble(double)|Writes the next attribute to the stream
|java.sql.SQLOutput.writeFloat(float)|Writes the next attribute to the stream a
|java.sql.SQLOutput.writeInt(int)|Writes the next attribute to the stream as a 
|java.sql.SQLOutput.writeLong(long)|Writes the next attribute to the stream as 
|java.sql.SQLOutput.writeObject(SQLData)|Writes to the stream the data containe
|java.sql.SQLOutput.writeRef(Ref)|Writes an SQL REF value to the stream.
|java.sql.SQLOutput.writeShort(short)|Writes the next attribute to the stream a
|java.sql.SQLOutput.writeString(String)|Writes the next attribute to the stream
|java.sql.SQLOutput.writeStruct(Struct)|Writes an SQL structured type value to 
|java.sql.SQLOutput.writeTime(Time)|Writes the next attribute to the stream as 
|java.sql.SQLOutput.writeTimestamp(Timestamp)|Writes the next attribute to the 
|java.sql.SQLOutput.writeURL(URL)|Writes a SQL DATALINK value to the stream.

*java.sql.SQLOutput_Description*

The output stream for writing the attributes of a user-defined type back to the 
database. This interface, used only for custom mapping, is used by the driver, 
and its methods are never directly invoked by a programmer. When an object of a 
class implementing the interface SQLData is passed as an argument to an SQL 
statement, the JDBC driver calls the method SQLData.getSQLType to determine the 
kind of SQL datum being passed to the database. The driver then creates an 
instance of SQLOutput and passes it to the method SQLData.writeSQL. The method 
writeSQL in turn calls the appropriate SQLOutput writer methods writeBoolean, 
writeCharacterStream, and so on) to write data from the SQLData object to the 
SQLOutput output stream as the representation of an SQL user-defined type. 


*java.sql.SQLOutput.writeArray(Array)*

public void writeArray(java.sql.Array x)
  throws |java.sql.SQLException|
         
Writes an SQL ARRAY value to the stream. 

    x - an Array object representing data of an SQL ARRAY type 

*java.sql.SQLOutput.writeAsciiStream(InputStream)*

public void writeAsciiStream(java.io.InputStream x)
  throws |java.sql.SQLException|
         
Writes the next attribute to the stream as a stream of ASCII characters. 

    x - the value to pass to the database 

*java.sql.SQLOutput.writeBigDecimal(BigDecimal)*

public void writeBigDecimal(java.math.BigDecimal x)
  throws |java.sql.SQLException|
         
Writes the next attribute to the stream as a java.math.BigDecimal object. 
Writes the next attribute to the stream as a String in the Java programming 
language. 

    x - the value to pass to the database 

*java.sql.SQLOutput.writeBinaryStream(InputStream)*

public void writeBinaryStream(java.io.InputStream x)
  throws |java.sql.SQLException|
         
Writes the next attribute to the stream as a stream of uninterpreted bytes. 

    x - the value to pass to the database 

*java.sql.SQLOutput.writeBlob(Blob)*

public void writeBlob(java.sql.Blob x)
  throws |java.sql.SQLException|
         
Writes an SQL BLOB value to the stream. 

    x - a Blob object representing data of an SQL BLOB value 

*java.sql.SQLOutput.writeBoolean(boolean)*

public void writeBoolean(boolean x)
  throws |java.sql.SQLException|
         
Writes the next attribute to the stream as a Java boolean. Writes the next 
attribute to the stream as a String in the Java programming language. 

    x - the value to pass to the database 

*java.sql.SQLOutput.writeByte(byte)*

public void writeByte(byte x)
  throws |java.sql.SQLException|
         
Writes the next attribute to the stream as a Java byte. Writes the next 
attribute to the stream as a String in the Java programming language. 

    x - the value to pass to the database 

*java.sql.SQLOutput.writeBytes(byte[])*

public void writeBytes(byte[] x)
  throws |java.sql.SQLException|
         
Writes the next attribute to the stream as an array of bytes. Writes the next 
attribute to the stream as a String in the Java programming language. 

    x - the value to pass to the database 

*java.sql.SQLOutput.writeCharacterStream(Reader)*

public void writeCharacterStream(java.io.Reader x)
  throws |java.sql.SQLException|
         
Writes the next attribute to the stream as a stream of Unicode characters. 

    x - the value to pass to the database 

*java.sql.SQLOutput.writeClob(Clob)*

public void writeClob(java.sql.Clob x)
  throws |java.sql.SQLException|
         
Writes an SQL CLOB value to the stream. 

    x - a Clob object representing data of an SQL CLOB value 

*java.sql.SQLOutput.writeDate(Date)*

public void writeDate(java.sql.Date x)
  throws |java.sql.SQLException|
         
Writes the next attribute to the stream as a java.sql.Date object. Writes the 
next attribute to the stream as a java.sql.Date object in the Java programming 
language. 

    x - the value to pass to the database 

*java.sql.SQLOutput.writeDouble(double)*

public void writeDouble(double x)
  throws |java.sql.SQLException|
         
Writes the next attribute to the stream as a Java double. Writes the next 
attribute to the stream as a String in the Java programming language. 

    x - the value to pass to the database 

*java.sql.SQLOutput.writeFloat(float)*

public void writeFloat(float x)
  throws |java.sql.SQLException|
         
Writes the next attribute to the stream as a Java float. Writes the next 
attribute to the stream as a String in the Java programming language. 

    x - the value to pass to the database 

*java.sql.SQLOutput.writeInt(int)*

public void writeInt(int x)
  throws |java.sql.SQLException|
         
Writes the next attribute to the stream as a Java int. Writes the next 
attribute to the stream as a String in the Java programming language. 

    x - the value to pass to the database 

*java.sql.SQLOutput.writeLong(long)*

public void writeLong(long x)
  throws |java.sql.SQLException|
         
Writes the next attribute to the stream as a Java long. Writes the next 
attribute to the stream as a String in the Java programming language. 

    x - the value to pass to the database 

*java.sql.SQLOutput.writeObject(SQLData)*

public void writeObject(java.sql.SQLData x)
  throws |java.sql.SQLException|
         
Writes to the stream the data contained in the given SQLData object. When the 
SQLData object is null, this method writes an SQL NULL to the stream. 
Otherwise, it calls the SQLData.writeSQL method of the given object, which 
writes the object's attributes to the stream. The implementation of the method 
SQLData.writeSQ calls the appropriate SQLOutput writer method(s) for writing 
each of the object's attributes in order. The attributes must be read from an 
SQLInput input stream and written to an SQLOutput output stream in the same 
order in which they were listed in the SQL definition of the user-defined type. 

    x - the object representing data of an SQL structured or distinct type 

*java.sql.SQLOutput.writeRef(Ref)*

public void writeRef(java.sql.Ref x)
  throws |java.sql.SQLException|
         
Writes an SQL REF value to the stream. 

    x - a Ref object representing data of an SQL REF value 

*java.sql.SQLOutput.writeShort(short)*

public void writeShort(short x)
  throws |java.sql.SQLException|
         
Writes the next attribute to the stream as a Java short. Writes the next 
attribute to the stream as a String in the Java programming language. 

    x - the value to pass to the database 

*java.sql.SQLOutput.writeString(String)*

public void writeString(java.lang.String x)
  throws |java.sql.SQLException|
         
Writes the next attribute to the stream as a String in the Java programming 
language. 

    x - the value to pass to the database 

*java.sql.SQLOutput.writeStruct(Struct)*

public void writeStruct(java.sql.Struct x)
  throws |java.sql.SQLException|
         
Writes an SQL structured type value to the stream. 

    x - a Struct object representing data of an SQL structured type 

*java.sql.SQLOutput.writeTime(Time)*

public void writeTime(java.sql.Time x)
  throws |java.sql.SQLException|
         
Writes the next attribute to the stream as a java.sql.Time object. Writes the 
next attribute to the stream as a java.sql.Date object in the Java programming 
language. 

    x - the value to pass to the database 

*java.sql.SQLOutput.writeTimestamp(Timestamp)*

public void writeTimestamp(java.sql.Timestamp x)
  throws |java.sql.SQLException|
         
Writes the next attribute to the stream as a java.sql.Timestamp object. Writes 
the next attribute to the stream as a java.sql.Date object in the Java 
programming language. 

    x - the value to pass to the database 

*java.sql.SQLOutput.writeURL(URL)*

public void writeURL(java.net.URL x)
  throws |java.sql.SQLException|
         
Writes a SQL DATALINK value to the stream. 

    x - a java.net.URL object representing the data of SQL DATALINK type 


