*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray* *MediaTray* Class MediaTray is a subc

public class MediaTray
  extends    |javax.print.attribute.standard.Media|
  implements |javax.print.attribute.Attribute|

|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray_Description|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray_Fields|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray_Constructors|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray_Fields*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray.BOTTOM|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray.ENVELOPE|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray.LARGE_CAPACITY|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray.MAIN|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray.MANUAL|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray.MIDDLE|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray.SIDE|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray.TOP|

*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray_Constructors*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray(int)|Construct a new media tray enume

*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray_Methods*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray.getEnumValueTable()|Returns the enume
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray.getStringTable()|Returns the string t

*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray_Description*

Class MediaTray is a subclass of Media. Class MediaTray is a printing attribute 
class, an enumeration, that specifies the media tray or bin for the job. This 
attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaSize or MediaName. 

Class MediaTray declares keywords for standard media kind values. 
Implementation- or site-defined names for a media kind attribute may also be 
created by defining a subclass of class MediaTray. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaTray is a representation class for values of the IPP 
"media" attribute which name paper trays. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray.BOTTOM*

Class MediaTray is a subclass of Media. Class MediaTray is a printing attribute 
class, an enumeration, that specifies the media tray or bin for the job. This 
attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaSize or MediaName. 

Class MediaTray declares keywords for standard media kind values. 
Implementation- or site-defined names for a media kind attribute may also be 
created by defining a subclass of class MediaTray. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaTray is a representation class for values of the IPP 
"media" attribute which name paper trays. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray.ENVELOPE*

Class MediaTray is a subclass of Media. Class MediaTray is a printing attribute 
class, an enumeration, that specifies the media tray or bin for the job. This 
attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaSize or MediaName. 

Class MediaTray declares keywords for standard media kind values. 
Implementation- or site-defined names for a media kind attribute may also be 
created by defining a subclass of class MediaTray. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaTray is a representation class for values of the IPP 
"media" attribute which name paper trays. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray.LARGE_CAPACITY*

Class MediaTray is a subclass of Media. Class MediaTray is a printing attribute 
class, an enumeration, that specifies the media tray or bin for the job. This 
attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaSize or MediaName. 

Class MediaTray declares keywords for standard media kind values. 
Implementation- or site-defined names for a media kind attribute may also be 
created by defining a subclass of class MediaTray. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaTray is a representation class for values of the IPP 
"media" attribute which name paper trays. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray.MAIN*

Class MediaTray is a subclass of Media. Class MediaTray is a printing attribute 
class, an enumeration, that specifies the media tray or bin for the job. This 
attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaSize or MediaName. 

Class MediaTray declares keywords for standard media kind values. 
Implementation- or site-defined names for a media kind attribute may also be 
created by defining a subclass of class MediaTray. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaTray is a representation class for values of the IPP 
"media" attribute which name paper trays. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray.MANUAL*

Class MediaTray is a subclass of Media. Class MediaTray is a printing attribute 
class, an enumeration, that specifies the media tray or bin for the job. This 
attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaSize or MediaName. 

Class MediaTray declares keywords for standard media kind values. 
Implementation- or site-defined names for a media kind attribute may also be 
created by defining a subclass of class MediaTray. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaTray is a representation class for values of the IPP 
"media" attribute which name paper trays. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray.MIDDLE*

Class MediaTray is a subclass of Media. Class MediaTray is a printing attribute 
class, an enumeration, that specifies the media tray or bin for the job. This 
attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaSize or MediaName. 

Class MediaTray declares keywords for standard media kind values. 
Implementation- or site-defined names for a media kind attribute may also be 
created by defining a subclass of class MediaTray. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaTray is a representation class for values of the IPP 
"media" attribute which name paper trays. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray.SIDE*

Class MediaTray is a subclass of Media. Class MediaTray is a printing attribute 
class, an enumeration, that specifies the media tray or bin for the job. This 
attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaSize or MediaName. 

Class MediaTray declares keywords for standard media kind values. 
Implementation- or site-defined names for a media kind attribute may also be 
created by defining a subclass of class MediaTray. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaTray is a representation class for values of the IPP 
"media" attribute which name paper trays. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray.TOP*

Class MediaTray is a subclass of Media. Class MediaTray is a printing attribute 
class, an enumeration, that specifies the media tray or bin for the job. This 
attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaSize or MediaName. 

Class MediaTray declares keywords for standard media kind values. 
Implementation- or site-defined names for a media kind attribute may also be 
created by defining a subclass of class MediaTray. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaTray is a representation class for values of the IPP 
"media" attribute which name paper trays. 



*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray(int)*

protected MediaTray(int value)

Construct a new media tray enumeration value with the given integer value. 

    value - Integer value. 

*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray.getEnumValueTable()*

protected |javax.print.attribute.EnumSyntax| getEnumValueTable()

Returns the enumeration value table for class MediaTray. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaTray.getStringTable()*

protected |java.lang.String| getStringTable()

Returns the string table for class MediaTray. 



