*java.rmi.server.RemoteObject* *RemoteObject* The RemoteObject class implements 

public abstract class RemoteObject
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |java.rmi.Remote|
             |java.io.Serializable|

|java.rmi.server.RemoteObject_Description|
|java.rmi.server.RemoteObject_Fields|
|java.rmi.server.RemoteObject_Constructors|
|java.rmi.server.RemoteObject_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.rmi.server.RemoteObject_Fields*
|java.rmi.server.RemoteRef_java.rmi.server.RemoteObject.ref|

*java.rmi.server.RemoteObject_Constructors*
|java.rmi.server.RemoteObject()|Creates a remote object.
|java.rmi.server.RemoteObject(RemoteRef)|Creates a remote object, initialized w

*java.rmi.server.RemoteObject_Methods*
|java.rmi.server.RemoteObject.equals(Object)|Compares two remote objects for eq
|java.rmi.server.RemoteObject.getRef()|Returns the remote reference for the rem
|java.rmi.server.RemoteObject.hashCode()|Returns a hashcode for a remote object
|java.rmi.server.RemoteObject.toString()|Returns a String that represents the v
|java.rmi.server.RemoteObject.toStub(Remote)|Returns the stub for the remote ob

*java.rmi.server.RemoteObject_Description*

The RemoteObject class implements the java.lang.Object behavior for remote 
objects. RemoteObject provides the remote semantics of Object by implementing 
methods for hashCode, equals, and toString. 


*java.rmi.server.RemoteRef_java.rmi.server.RemoteObject.ref*

The RemoteObject class implements the java.lang.Object behavior for remote 
objects. RemoteObject provides the remote semantics of Object by implementing 
methods for hashCode, equals, and toString. 



*java.rmi.server.RemoteObject()*

protected RemoteObject()

Creates a remote object. 


*java.rmi.server.RemoteObject(RemoteRef)*

protected RemoteObject(java.rmi.server.RemoteRef newref)

Creates a remote object, initialized with the specified remote reference. 

    newref - remote reference 

*java.rmi.server.RemoteObject.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object obj)

Compares two remote objects for equality. Returns a boolean that indicates 
whether this remote object is equivalent to the specified Object. This method 
is used when a remote object is stored in a hashtable. If the specified Object 
is not itself an instance of RemoteObject, then this method delegates by 
returning the result of invoking the equals method of its parameter with this 
remote object as the argument. 

    obj - the Object to compare with 

    Returns: true if these Objects are equal; false otherwise. 
*java.rmi.server.RemoteObject.getRef()*

public |java.rmi.server.RemoteRef| getRef()

Returns the remote reference for the remote object. 

Note: The object returned from this method may be an instance of an 
implementation-specific class. The RemoteObject class ensures serialization 
portability of its instances' remote references through the behavior of its 
custom writeObject and readObject methods. An instance of RemoteRef should not 
be serialized outside of its RemoteObject wrapper instance or the result may be 
unportable. 


    Returns: remote reference for the remote object 
*java.rmi.server.RemoteObject.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()

Returns a hashcode for a remote object. Two remote object stubs that refer to 
the same remote object will have the same hash code (in order to support remote 
objects as keys in hash tables). 


*java.rmi.server.RemoteObject.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a String that represents the value of this remote object. 


*java.rmi.server.RemoteObject.toStub(Remote)*

public static |java.rmi.Remote| toStub(java.rmi.Remote obj)
  throws |java.rmi.NoSuchObjectException|
         
Returns the stub for the remote object obj passed as a parameter. This 
operation is only valid after the object has been exported. 

    obj - the remote object whose stub is needed 

    Returns: the stub for the remote object, obj. 

