*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressionsCompleted* *JobImpressionsCompleted* 

public final class JobImpressionsCompleted
  extends    |javax.print.attribute.IntegerSyntax|
  implements |javax.print.attribute.PrintJobAttribute|

|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressionsCompleted_Description|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressionsCompleted_Fields|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressionsCompleted_Constructors|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressionsCompleted_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressionsCompleted_Constructors*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressionsCompleted(int)|Construct a new jo

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressionsCompleted_Methods*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressionsCompleted.equals(Object)|Returns 
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressionsCompleted.getCategory()|Get the p
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressionsCompleted.getName()|Get the name 

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressionsCompleted_Description*

Class JobImpressionsCompleted is an integer valued printing attribute class 
that specifies the number of impressions completed for the job so far. For 
printing devices, the impressions completed includes interpreting, marking, and 
stacking the output. 

The JobImpressionsCompleted attribute describes the progress of the job. This 
attribute is intended to be a counter. That is, the JobImpressionsCompleted 
value for a job that has not started processing must be 0. When the job's 
JobState(|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState|) is PROCESSING or 
PROCESSING_STOPPED, the JobImpressionsCompleted value is intended to increase 
as the job is processed; it indicates the amount of the job that has been 
processed at the time the Print Job's attribute set is queried or at the time a 
print job event is reported. When the job enters the COMPLETED, CANCELED, or 
ABORTED states, the JobImpressionsCompleted value is the final value for the 
job. 

IPP Compatibility: The integer value gives the IPP integer value. The category 
name returned by getName() gives the IPP attribute name. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressionsCompleted(int)*

public JobImpressionsCompleted(int value)

Construct a new job impressions completed attribute with the given integer 
value. 

    value - Integer value. 

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressionsCompleted.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object object)

Returns whether this job impressions completed attribute is equivalent tp the 
passed in object. To be equivalent, all of the following conditions must be 
true: 

object is not null. 

object is an instance of class JobImpressionsCompleted. 

This job impressions completed attribute's value and object's value are equal. 

    object - Object to compare to. 

    Returns: True if object is equivalent to this job impressions completed attribute, false 
             otherwise. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressionsCompleted.getCategory()*

public final |java.lang.Class| getCategory()

Get the printing attribute class which is to be used as the "category" for this 
printing attribute value. 

For class JobImpressionsCompleted, the category is class 
JobImpressionsCompleted itself. 


    Returns: Printing attribute class (category), an instance of class {@link 
             java.lang.Class java.lang.Class}. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobImpressionsCompleted.getName()*

public final |java.lang.String| getName()

Get the name of the category of which this attribute value is an instance. 

For class JobImpressionsCompleted, the category name is 
"job-impressions-completed". 


    Returns: Attribute category name. 

