*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo* *OpenMBeanInfo* Describes an Open MBe

public interface interface OpenMBeanInfo


|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo_Description|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo_Fields|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo_Constructors|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo_Methods*
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo.equals(Object)|Compares the specified
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo.getAttributes()|Returns an array of O
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo.getClassName()|Returns the fully qual
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo.getConstructors()|Returns an array of
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo.getDescription()|Returns a human read
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo.getNotifications()|Returns an array o
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo.getOperations()|Returns an array of O
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo.hashCode()|Returns the hash code valu
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo.toString()|Returns a string represent

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo_Description*

Describes an Open MBean: an Open MBean is recognized as such if its 
getMBeanInfo()(|javax.management.DynamicMBean|) method returns an instance of a 
class which implements the (|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo|) 
interface, typically (|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport|) . 

This interface declares the same methods as the class 
(|javax.management.MBeanInfo|) . A class implementing this interface (typically 
(|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfoSupport|) ) should extend 
(|javax.management.MBeanInfo|) . 

The (|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo|) , 
(|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo|) and 
(|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo|) methods of the implementing class 
should return at runtime an array of instances of a subclass of 
(|javax.management.MBeanAttributeInfo|) , 
(|javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo|) or 
(|javax.management.MBeanConstructorInfo|) respectively which implement the 
(|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfo|) , 
(|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfo|) or 
(|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfo|) interface respectively. 


*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object obj)

Compares the specified obj parameter with this OpenMBeanInfo instance for 
equality. 

Returns true if and only if all of the following statements are true: 

obj is non null, obj also implements the OpenMBeanInfo interface, their class 
names are equal their infos on attributes, constructors, operations and 
notifications are equal 

This ensures that this equals method works properly for obj parameters which 
are different implementations of the OpenMBeanInfo interface. 

    obj - the object to be compared for equality with this OpenMBeanInfo instance; 

    Returns: true if the specified object is equal to this OpenMBeanInfo instance. 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo.getAttributes()*

public |javax.management.MBeanAttributeInfo| getAttributes()

Returns an array of OpenMBeanAttributeInfo instances describing each attribute 
in the open MBean described by this OpenMBeanInfo instance. Each instance in 
the returned array should actually be a subclass of MBeanAttributeInfo which 
implements the OpenMBeanAttributeInfo interface (typically 
(|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanAttributeInfoSupport|) ). 


    Returns: the attribute array. 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo.getClassName()*

public |java.lang.String| getClassName()

Returns the fully qualified Java class name of the open MBean instances this 
OpenMBeanInfo describes. 


    Returns: the class name. 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo.getConstructors()*

public |javax.management.MBeanConstructorInfo| getConstructors()

Returns an array of OpenMBeanConstructorInfo instances describing each 
constructor in the open MBean described by this OpenMBeanInfo instance. Each 
instance in the returned array should actually be a subclass of 
MBeanConstructorInfo which implements the OpenMBeanConstructorInfo interface 
(typically (|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport|) ). 


    Returns: the constructor array. 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo.getDescription()*

public |java.lang.String| getDescription()

Returns a human readable description of the type of open MBean instances this 
OpenMBeanInfo describes. 


    Returns: the description. 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo.getNotifications()*

public |javax.management.MBeanNotificationInfo| getNotifications()

Returns an array of MBeanNotificationInfo instances describing each 
notification emitted by the open MBean described by this OpenMBeanInfo 
instance. 


    Returns: the notification array. 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo.getOperations()*

public |javax.management.MBeanOperationInfo| getOperations()

Returns an array of OpenMBeanOperationInfo instances describing each operation 
in the open MBean described by this OpenMBeanInfo instance. Each instance in 
the returned array should actually be a subclass of MBeanOperationInfo which 
implements the OpenMBeanOperationInfo interface (typically 
(|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanOperationInfoSupport|) ). 


    Returns: the operation array. 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()

Returns the hash code value for this OpenMBeanInfo instance. 

The hash code of an OpenMBeanInfo instance is the sum of the hash codes of all 
elements of information used in equals comparisons (ie: its class name, and its 
infos on attributes, constructors, operations and notifications, where the 
hashCode of each of these arrays is calculated by a call to new 
java.util.HashSet(java.util.Arrays.asList(this.getSignature)).hashCode()). 

This ensures that t1.equals(t2) implies that t1.hashCode()==t2.hashCode() for 
any two OpenMBeanInfo instances t1 and t2, as required by the general contract 
of the method Object.hashCode()(|java.lang.Object|) . 


    Returns: the hash code value for this OpenMBeanInfo instance 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a string representation of this OpenMBeanInfo instance. 

The string representation consists of the name of this class (ie 
javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanInfo), the MBean class name, and the string 
representation of infos on attributes, constructors, operations and 
notifications of the described MBean. 


    Returns: a string representation of this OpenMBeanInfo instance 

