*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsProcessed* *JobKOctetsProcessed* Class

public final class JobKOctetsProcessed
  extends    |javax.print.attribute.IntegerSyntax|
  implements |javax.print.attribute.PrintJobAttribute|

|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsProcessed_Description|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsProcessed_Fields|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsProcessed_Constructors|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsProcessed_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsProcessed_Constructors*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsProcessed(int)|Construct a new job K 

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsProcessed_Methods*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsProcessed.equals(Object)|Returns whet
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsProcessed.getCategory()|Get the print
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsProcessed.getName()|Get the name of t

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsProcessed_Description*

Class JobKOctetsProcessed is an integer valued printing attribute class that 
specifies the total number of print data octets processed so far in K octets, 
i.e., in units of 1024 octets. The value must be rounded up, so that a job 
between 1 and 1024 octets inclusive must be indicated as being 1K octets, 1025 
to 2048 inclusive must be 2K, etc. For a multidoc print job (a job with 
multiple documents), the JobKOctetsProcessed value is computed by adding up the 
individual documents' number of octets processed so far, then rounding up to 
the next K octets value. 

The JobKOctetsProcessed attribute describes the progress of the job. This 
attribute is intended to be a counter. That is, the JobKOctetsProcessed value 
for a job that has not started processing must be 0. When the job's 
JobState(|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState|) is PROCESSING or 
PROCESSING_STOPPED, the JobKOctetsProcessed value is intended to increase as 
the job is processed; it indicates the amount of the job that has been 
processed at the time the Print Job's attribute set is queried or at the time a 
print job event is reported. When the job enters the COMPLETED, CANCELED, or 
ABORTED states, the JobKOctetsProcessed value is the final value for the job. 

For implementations where multiple copies are produced by the interpreter with 
only a single pass over the data, the final value of the JobKOctetsProcessed 
attribute must be equal to the value of the 
JobKOctets(|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctets|) attribute. For 
implementations where multiple copies are produced by the interpreter by 
processing the data for each copy, the final value must be a multiple of the 
value of the JobKOctets(|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctets|) attribute. 

IPP Compatibility: The integer value gives the IPP integer value. The category 
name returned by getName() gives the IPP attribute name. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsProcessed(int)*

public JobKOctetsProcessed(int value)

Construct a new job K octets processed attribute with the given integer value. 

    value - Integer value. 

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsProcessed.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object object)

Returns whether this job K octets processed attribute is equivalent to the 
passed in object. To be equivalent, all of the following conditions must be 
true: 

object is not null. 

object is an instance of class JobKOctetsProcessed. 

This job K octets processed attribute's value and object's value are equal. 

    object - Object to compare to. 

    Returns: True if object is equivalent to this job K octets processed attribute, false 
             otherwise. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsProcessed.getCategory()*

public final |java.lang.Class| getCategory()

Get the printing attribute class which is to be used as the "category" for this 
printing attribute value. 

For class JobKOctetsProcessed, the category is class JobKOctetsProcessed 
itself. 


    Returns: Printing attribute class (category), an instance of class {@link 
             java.lang.Class java.lang.Class}. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobKOctetsProcessed.getName()*

public final |java.lang.String| getName()

Get the name of the category of which this attribute value is an instance. 

For class JobKOctetsProcessed, the category name is "job-k-octets-processed". 


    Returns: Attribute category name. 

