*java.util.zip.ZipFile* *ZipFile* This class is used to read entries from a zip 

public class ZipFile
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |java.util.zip.ZipConstants|

|java.util.zip.ZipFile_Description|
|java.util.zip.ZipFile_Fields|
|java.util.zip.ZipFile_Constructors|
|java.util.zip.ZipFile_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.util.zip.ZipFile_Fields*
|int_java.util.zip.ZipFile.OPEN_DELETE|
|int_java.util.zip.ZipFile.OPEN_READ|

*java.util.zip.ZipFile_Constructors*
|java.util.zip.ZipFile(File)|Opens a ZIP file for reading given the specified F
|java.util.zip.ZipFile(File,int)|Opens a new ZipFile to read from the specified
|java.util.zip.ZipFile(String)|Opens a zip file for reading.

*java.util.zip.ZipFile_Methods*
|java.util.zip.ZipFile.close()|Closes the ZIP file.
|java.util.zip.ZipFile.entries()|Returns an enumeration of the ZIP file entries
|java.util.zip.ZipFile.finalize()|Ensures that the close method of this ZIP fil
|java.util.zip.ZipFile.getEntry(String)|Returns the zip file entry for the spec
|java.util.zip.ZipFile.getInputStream(ZipEntry)|Returns an input stream for rea
|java.util.zip.ZipFile.getName()|Returns the path name of the ZIP file.
|java.util.zip.ZipFile.size()|Returns the number of entries in the ZIP file.

*java.util.zip.ZipFile_Description*

This class is used to read entries from a zip file. 

Unless otherwise noted, passing a null argument to a constructor or method in 
this class will cause a (|java.lang.NullPointerException|) to be thrown. 


*int_java.util.zip.ZipFile.OPEN_DELETE*

This class is used to read entries from a zip file. 

Unless otherwise noted, passing a null argument to a constructor or method in 
this class will cause a (|java.lang.NullPointerException|) to be thrown. 


*int_java.util.zip.ZipFile.OPEN_READ*

This class is used to read entries from a zip file. 

Unless otherwise noted, passing a null argument to a constructor or method in 
this class will cause a (|java.lang.NullPointerException|) to be thrown. 



*java.util.zip.ZipFile(File)*

public ZipFile(java.io.File file)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         |java.util.zip.ZipException|
         
Opens a ZIP file for reading given the specified File object. 

    file - the ZIP file to be opened for reading 

*java.util.zip.ZipFile(File,int)*

public ZipFile(
  java.io.File file,
  int mode)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Opens a new ZipFile to read from the specified File object in the specified 
mode. The mode argument must be either OPEN_READ or OPEN_READ | OPEN_DELETE. 

First, if there is a security manager, its checkRead method is called with the 
name argument as its argument to ensure the read is allowed. 

    file - the ZIP file to be opened for reading 
    mode - the mode in which the file is to be opened 

*java.util.zip.ZipFile(String)*

public ZipFile(java.lang.String name)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Opens a zip file for reading. 

First, if there is a security manager, its checkRead method is called with the 
name argument as its argument to ensure the read is allowed. 

    name - the name of the zip file 

*java.util.zip.ZipFile.close()*

public void close()
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Closes the ZIP file. Closing this ZIP file will close all of the input streams 
previously returned by invocations of the 
getInputStream(|java.util.zip.ZipFile|) method. 


*java.util.zip.ZipFile.entries()*

public |java.util.Enumeration| entries()

Returns an enumeration of the ZIP file entries. 


    Returns: an enumeration of the ZIP file entries 
*java.util.zip.ZipFile.finalize()*

protected void finalize()
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Ensures that the close method of this ZIP file is called when there are no more 
references to it. 

Since the time when GC would invoke this method is undetermined, it is strongly 
recommended that applications invoke the close method as soon they have 
finished accessing this ZipFile. This will prevent holding up system resources 
for an undetermined length of time. 


*java.util.zip.ZipFile.getEntry(String)*

public |java.util.zip.ZipEntry| getEntry(java.lang.String name)

Returns the zip file entry for the specified name, or null if not found. 

    name - the name of the entry 

    Returns: the zip file entry, or null if not found 
*java.util.zip.ZipFile.getInputStream(ZipEntry)*

public |java.io.InputStream| getInputStream(java.util.zip.ZipEntry entry)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Returns an input stream for reading the contents of the specified zip file 
entry. 

Returns an input stream for reading the contents of the specified zip file 
entry. 

Closing this ZIP file will, in turn, close all input streams that have been 
returned by invocations of this method. 

    entry - the zip file entry 

    Returns: the input stream for reading the contents of the specified zip file entry. 
*java.util.zip.ZipFile.getName()*

public |java.lang.String| getName()

Returns the path name of the ZIP file. 


    Returns: the path name of the ZIP file 
*java.util.zip.ZipFile.size()*

public int size()

Returns the number of entries in the ZIP file. 


    Returns: the number of entries in the ZIP file 

