*java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue* *SynchronousQueue* ABlockingQueue blocki

public class SynchronousQueue
  extends    |java.util.AbstractQueue|
  implements |java.util.concurrent.BlockingQueue|
             |java.io.Serializable|

|java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue_Description|
|java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue_Fields|
|java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue_Constructors|
|java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue_Constructors*
|java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue()|Creates a SynchronousQueue with nonfai
|java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue(boolean)|Creates a SynchronousQueue with

*java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue_Methods*
|java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.clear()|Does nothing.
|java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.contains(Object)|Always returns false.
|java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.containsAll(Collection)|Returns false un
|java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.drainTo(Collection)|
|java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.drainTo(Collection,int)|
|java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.isEmpty()|Always returns true.
|java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.iterator()|Returns an empty iterator in 
|java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.offer(E)|Inserts the specified element i
|java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.offer(E,long,TimeUnit)|Inserts the speci
|java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.peek()|Always returns null.
|java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.poll()|Retrieves and removes the head of
|java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.poll(long,TimeUnit)|Retrieves and remove
|java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.put(E)|Adds the specified element to thi
|java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.remainingCapacity()|Always returns zero.
|java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.remove(Object)|Always returns false.
|java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.removeAll(Collection)|Always returns fal
|java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.retainAll(Collection)|Always returns fal
|java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.size()|Always returns zero.
|java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.take()|Retrieves and removes the head of
|java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.toArray()|Returns a zero-length array.
|java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.toArray(T[])|Sets the zeroeth element of

*java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue_Description*

A blocking queue(|java.util.concurrent.BlockingQueue|) in which each put must 
wait for a take, and vice versa. A synchronous queue does not have any internal 
capacity, not even a capacity of one. You cannot peek at a synchronous queue 
because an element is only present when you try to take it; you cannot add an 
element (using any method) unless another thread is trying to remove it; you 
cannot iterate as there is nothing to iterate. The head of the queue is the 
element that the first queued thread is trying to add to the queue; if there 
are no queued threads then no element is being added and the head is null. For 
purposes of other Collection methods (for example contains), a SynchronousQueue 
acts as an empty collection. This queue does not permit null elements. 

Synchronous queues are similar to rendezvous channels used in CSP and Ada. They 
are well suited for handoff designs, in which an object running in one thread 
must sync up with an object running in another thread in order to hand it some 
information, event, or task. 

This class supports an optional fairness policy for ordering waiting producer 
and consumer threads. By default, this ordering is not guaranteed. However, a 
queue constructed with fairness set to true grants threads access in FIFO 
order. Fairness generally decreases throughput but reduces variability and 
avoids starvation. 

This class and its iterator implement all of the optional methods of the 
(|java.util.Collection|) and (|java.util.Iterator|) interfaces. 

This class is a member of the <a href="/../guide/collections/index.html"> Java 
Collections Framework. 


*java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue()*

public SynchronousQueue()

Creates a SynchronousQueue with nonfair access policy. 


*java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue(boolean)*

public SynchronousQueue(boolean fair)

Creates a SynchronousQueue with specified fairness policy. 

    fair - if true, threads contend in FIFO order for access; otherwise the order is 
       unspecified. 

*java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.clear()*

public void clear()

Does nothing. A SynchronousQueue has no internal capacity. 


*java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.contains(Object)*

public boolean contains(java.lang.Object o)

Always returns false. A SynchronousQueue has no internal capacity. 

    o - the element 

    Returns: 
*java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.containsAll(Collection)*

public boolean containsAll(java.util.Collection c)

Returns false unless given collection is empty. A SynchronousQueue has no 
internal capacity. 

    c - the collection 

    Returns: false unless given collection is empty 
*java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.drainTo(Collection)*

public int drainTo(java.util.Collection c)




*java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.drainTo(Collection,int)*

public int drainTo(
  java.util.Collection c,
  int maxElements)




*java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.isEmpty()*

public boolean isEmpty()

Always returns true. A SynchronousQueue has no internal capacity. 


    Returns: 
*java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.iterator()*

public |java.util.Iterator| iterator()

Returns an empty iterator in which hasNext always returns false. 


    Returns: an empty iterator 
*java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.offer(E)*

public boolean offer(java.lang.Object o)

Inserts the specified element into this queue, if another thread is waiting to 
receive it. 

    o - the element to add. 

    Returns: true if it was possible to add the element to this queue, else false 
*java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.offer(E,long,TimeUnit)*

public boolean offer(
  java.lang.Object o,
  long timeout,
  java.util.concurrent.TimeUnit unit)
  throws |java.lang.InterruptedException|
         
Inserts the specified element into this queue, waiting if necessary up to the 
specified wait time for another thread to receive it. 

    o - the element to add 
    timeout - how long to wait before giving up, in units of unit 
    unit - a TimeUnit determining how to interpret the timeout parameter 

    Returns: true if successful, or false if the specified waiting time elapses before a 
             consumer appears. 
*java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.peek()*

public |java.lang.Object| peek()

Always returns null. A SynchronousQueue does not return elements unless 
actively waited on. 


    Returns: 
*java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.poll()*

public |java.lang.Object| poll()

Retrieves and removes the head of this queue, if another thread is currently 
making an element available. 


    Returns: the head of this queue, or null if no element is available. 
*java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.poll(long,TimeUnit)*

public |java.lang.Object| poll(
  long timeout,
  java.util.concurrent.TimeUnit unit)
  throws |java.lang.InterruptedException|
         
Retrieves and removes the head of this queue, waiting if necessary up to the 
specified wait time, for another thread to insert it. 

    timeout - how long to wait before giving up, in units of unit 
    unit - a TimeUnit determining how to interpret the timeout parameter 

    Returns: the head of this queue, or null if the specified waiting time elapses before an 
             element is present. 
*java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.put(E)*

public void put(java.lang.Object o)
  throws |java.lang.InterruptedException|
         
Adds the specified element to this queue, waiting if necessary for another 
thread to receive it. 

    o - the element to add 

*java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.remainingCapacity()*

public int remainingCapacity()

Always returns zero. A SynchronousQueue has no internal capacity. 


    Returns: 
*java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.remove(Object)*

public boolean remove(java.lang.Object o)

Always returns false. A SynchronousQueue has no internal capacity. 

    o - the element to remove 

    Returns: 
*java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.removeAll(Collection)*

public boolean removeAll(java.util.Collection c)

Always returns false. A SynchronousQueue has no internal capacity. 

    c - the collection 

    Returns: 
*java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.retainAll(Collection)*

public boolean retainAll(java.util.Collection c)

Always returns false. A SynchronousQueue has no internal capacity. 

    c - the collection 

    Returns: 
*java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.size()*

public int size()

Always returns zero. A SynchronousQueue has no internal capacity. 


    Returns: 
*java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.take()*

public |java.lang.Object| take()
  throws |java.lang.InterruptedException|
         
Retrieves and removes the head of this queue, waiting if necessary for another 
thread to insert it. 


    Returns: the head of this queue 
*java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.toArray()*

public |java.lang.Object| toArray()

Returns a zero-length array. 


    Returns: a zero-length array 
*java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue.toArray(T[])*

public |java.lang.Object| toArray(java.lang.Object[] a)

Sets the zeroeth element of the specified array to null (if the array has 
non-zero length) and returns it. 

    a - the array 

    Returns: the specified array 

