*javax.print.attribute.PrintServiceAttributeSet* *PrintServiceAttributeSet* Inte

public interface interface PrintServiceAttributeSet

  implements |javax.print.attribute.AttributeSet|

|javax.print.attribute.PrintServiceAttributeSet_Description|
|javax.print.attribute.PrintServiceAttributeSet_Fields|
|javax.print.attribute.PrintServiceAttributeSet_Constructors|
|javax.print.attribute.PrintServiceAttributeSet_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.print.attribute.PrintServiceAttributeSet_Methods*
|javax.print.attribute.PrintServiceAttributeSet.add(Attribute)|Adds the specifi
|javax.print.attribute.PrintServiceAttributeSet.addAll(AttributeSet)|Adds all o

*javax.print.attribute.PrintServiceAttributeSet_Description*

Interface PrintServiceAttributeSet specifies the interface for a set of print 
job attributes, i.e. printing attributes that implement interface 
PrintServiceAttribute(|javax.print.attribute.PrintServiceAttribute|) . In the 
Print Service API, the Print Service instance uses a PrintServiceAttributeSet 
to report the status of the print service. 

A PrintServiceAttributeSet is just an 
AttributeSet(|javax.print.attribute.AttributeSet|) whose constructors and 
mutating operations guarantee an additional invariant, namely that all 
attribute values in the PrintServiceAttributeSet must be instances of interface 
PrintServiceAttribute(|javax.print.attribute.PrintServiceAttribute|) . The 
<CODE>add(Attribute)</CODE>(|javax.print.attribute.PrintServiceAttributeSet|) , 
and 
<CODE>addAll(AttributeSet)</CODE>(|javax.print.attribute.PrintServiceAttributeSet|)
operations are respecified below to guarantee this additional invariant. 


*javax.print.attribute.PrintServiceAttributeSet.add(Attribute)*

public boolean add(javax.print.attribute.Attribute attribute)

Adds the specified attribute value to this attribute set if it is not already 
present, first removing any existing value in the same attribute category as 
the specified attribute value (optional operation). 

    attribute - Attribute value to be added to this attribute set. 

    Returns: true if this attribute set changed as a result of the call, i.e., the given 
             attribute value was not already a member of this attribute set. 
*javax.print.attribute.PrintServiceAttributeSet.addAll(AttributeSet)*

public boolean addAll(javax.print.attribute.AttributeSet attributes)

Adds all of the elements in the specified set to this attribute. The outcome is 
the same as if the 
<CODE>add(Attribute)</CODE>(|javax.print.attribute.PrintServiceAttributeSet|) 
operation had been applied to this attribute set successively with each element 
from the specified set. If none of the categories in the specified set are the 
same as any categories in this attribute set, the addAll() operation 
effectively modifies this attribute set so that its value is the union of the 
two sets. 

The behavior of the addAll() operation is unspecified if the specified set is 
modified while the operation is in progress. 

If the addAll() operation throws an exception, the effect on this attribute 
set's state is implementation dependent; elements from the specified set before 
the point of the exception may or may not have been added to this attribute 
set. 

    attributes - whose elements are to be added to this attribute set. 

    Returns: true if this attribute set changed as a result of the call. 

