*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole* *AccessibleRole* Class AccessibleRole deter

public class AccessibleRole
  extends    |javax.accessibility.AccessibleBundle|

|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_Description|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_Fields|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_Constructors|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_Fields*
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.ALERT|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.AWT_COMPONENT|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.CANVAS|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.CHECK_BOX|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.COLOR_CHOOSER|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.COLUMN_HEADER|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.COMBO_BOX|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.DATE_EDITOR|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.DESKTOP_ICON|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.DESKTOP_PANE|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.DIALOG|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.DIRECTORY_PANE|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.EDITBAR|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.FILE_CHOOSER|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.FILLER|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.FONT_CHOOSER|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.FOOTER|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.FRAME|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.GLASS_PANE|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.GROUP_BOX|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.HEADER|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.HYPERLINK|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.ICON|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.INTERNAL_FRAME|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.LABEL|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.LAYERED_PANE|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.LIST|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.LIST_ITEM|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.MENU|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.MENU_BAR|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.MENU_ITEM|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.OPTION_PANE|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PAGE_TAB|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PAGE_TAB_LIST|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PANEL|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PARAGRAPH|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PASSWORD_TEXT|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.POPUP_MENU|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PROGRESS_BAR|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PROGRESS_MONITOR|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PUSH_BUTTON|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.RADIO_BUTTON|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.ROOT_PANE|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.ROW_HEADER|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.RULER|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.SCROLL_BAR|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.SCROLL_PANE|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.SEPARATOR|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.SLIDER|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.SPIN_BOX|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.SPLIT_PANE|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.STATUS_BAR|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.SWING_COMPONENT|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.TABLE|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.TEXT|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.TOGGLE_BUTTON|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.TOOL_BAR|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.TOOL_TIP|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.TREE|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.UNKNOWN|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.VIEWPORT|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.WINDOW|

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_Constructors*
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole(String)|Creates a new AccessibleRole using 

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_Description*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.ALERT*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.AWT_COMPONENT*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.CANVAS*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.CHECK_BOX*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.COLOR_CHOOSER*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.COLUMN_HEADER*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.COMBO_BOX*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.DATE_EDITOR*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.DESKTOP_ICON*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.DESKTOP_PANE*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.DIALOG*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.DIRECTORY_PANE*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.EDITBAR*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.FILE_CHOOSER*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.FILLER*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.FONT_CHOOSER*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.FOOTER*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.FRAME*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.GLASS_PANE*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.GROUP_BOX*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.HEADER*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.HYPERLINK*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.ICON*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.INTERNAL_FRAME*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.LABEL*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.LAYERED_PANE*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.LIST*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.LIST_ITEM*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.MENU*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.MENU_BAR*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.MENU_ITEM*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.OPTION_PANE*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PAGE_TAB*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PAGE_TAB_LIST*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PANEL*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PARAGRAPH*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PASSWORD_TEXT*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.POPUP_MENU*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PROGRESS_BAR*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PROGRESS_MONITOR*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.PUSH_BUTTON*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.RADIO_BUTTON*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.ROOT_PANE*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.ROW_HEADER*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.RULER*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.SCROLL_BAR*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.SCROLL_PANE*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.SEPARATOR*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.SLIDER*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.SPIN_BOX*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.SPLIT_PANE*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.STATUS_BAR*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.SWING_COMPONENT*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.TABLE*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.TEXT*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.TOGGLE_BUTTON*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.TOOL_BAR*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.TOOL_TIP*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.TREE*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.UNKNOWN*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.VIEWPORT*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole.WINDOW*

Class AccessibleRole determines the role of a component. The role of a 
component describes its generic function. (E.G., "push button," "table," or 
"list.") The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string 
for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys 
defined in this class. The constants in this class present a strongly typed 
enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has 
been purposely omitted and applications should use one of the constants from 
this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the 
role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 



*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole(String)*

protected AccessibleRole(java.lang.String key)

Creates a new AccessibleRole using the given locale independent key. This 
should not be a public method. Instead, it is used to create the constants in 
this file to make it a strongly typed enumeration. Subclasses of this class 
should enforce similar policy. 

The key String should be a locale independent key for the role. It is not 
intended to be used as the actual String to display to the user. To get the 
localized string, use toDisplayString. 

    key - the locale independent name of the role. 

