*javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent* *InternalFrameEvent* An AWTEvent that add

public class InternalFrameEvent
  extends    |java.awt.AWTEvent|

|javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent_Description|
|javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent_Fields|
|javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent_Constructors|
|javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent_Fields*
|int_javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent.INTERNAL_FRAME_ACTIVATED|
|int_javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent.INTERNAL_FRAME_CLOSED|
|int_javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent.INTERNAL_FRAME_CLOSING|
|int_javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent.INTERNAL_FRAME_DEACTIVATED|
|int_javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent.INTERNAL_FRAME_DEICONIFIED|
|int_javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent.INTERNAL_FRAME_FIRST|
|int_javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent.INTERNAL_FRAME_ICONIFIED|
|int_javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent.INTERNAL_FRAME_LAST|
|int_javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent.INTERNAL_FRAME_OPENED|

*javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent_Constructors*
|javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent(JInternalFrame,int)|Constructs an Interna

*javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent_Methods*
|javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent.getInternalFrame()|Returns the originator
|javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent.paramString()|Returns a parameter string 

*javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent_Description*

An AWTEvent that adds support for JInternalFrame objects as the event source. 
This class has the same event types as WindowEvent, although different IDs are 
used. Help on handling internal frame events is in How to Write an Internal 
Frame Listener, a section in The Java Tutorial. 

Warning: Serialized objects of this class will not be compatible with future 
Swing releases. The current serialization support is appropriate for short term 
storage or RMI between applications running the same version of Swing. As of 
1.4, support for long term storage of all JavaBeansTM has been added to the 
java.beans package. Please see (|java.beans.XMLEncoder|) . 


*int_javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent.INTERNAL_FRAME_ACTIVATED*

An AWTEvent that adds support for JInternalFrame objects as the event source. 
This class has the same event types as WindowEvent, although different IDs are 
used. Help on handling internal frame events is in How to Write an Internal 
Frame Listener, a section in The Java Tutorial. 

Warning: Serialized objects of this class will not be compatible with future 
Swing releases. The current serialization support is appropriate for short term 
storage or RMI between applications running the same version of Swing. As of 
1.4, support for long term storage of all JavaBeansTM has been added to the 
java.beans package. Please see (|java.beans.XMLEncoder|) . 


*int_javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent.INTERNAL_FRAME_CLOSED*

An AWTEvent that adds support for JInternalFrame objects as the event source. 
This class has the same event types as WindowEvent, although different IDs are 
used. Help on handling internal frame events is in How to Write an Internal 
Frame Listener, a section in The Java Tutorial. 

Warning: Serialized objects of this class will not be compatible with future 
Swing releases. The current serialization support is appropriate for short term 
storage or RMI between applications running the same version of Swing. As of 
1.4, support for long term storage of all JavaBeansTM has been added to the 
java.beans package. Please see (|java.beans.XMLEncoder|) . 


*int_javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent.INTERNAL_FRAME_CLOSING*

An AWTEvent that adds support for JInternalFrame objects as the event source. 
This class has the same event types as WindowEvent, although different IDs are 
used. Help on handling internal frame events is in How to Write an Internal 
Frame Listener, a section in The Java Tutorial. 

Warning: Serialized objects of this class will not be compatible with future 
Swing releases. The current serialization support is appropriate for short term 
storage or RMI between applications running the same version of Swing. As of 
1.4, support for long term storage of all JavaBeansTM has been added to the 
java.beans package. Please see (|java.beans.XMLEncoder|) . 


*int_javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent.INTERNAL_FRAME_DEACTIVATED*

An AWTEvent that adds support for JInternalFrame objects as the event source. 
This class has the same event types as WindowEvent, although different IDs are 
used. Help on handling internal frame events is in How to Write an Internal 
Frame Listener, a section in The Java Tutorial. 

Warning: Serialized objects of this class will not be compatible with future 
Swing releases. The current serialization support is appropriate for short term 
storage or RMI between applications running the same version of Swing. As of 
1.4, support for long term storage of all JavaBeansTM has been added to the 
java.beans package. Please see (|java.beans.XMLEncoder|) . 


*int_javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent.INTERNAL_FRAME_DEICONIFIED*

An AWTEvent that adds support for JInternalFrame objects as the event source. 
This class has the same event types as WindowEvent, although different IDs are 
used. Help on handling internal frame events is in How to Write an Internal 
Frame Listener, a section in The Java Tutorial. 

Warning: Serialized objects of this class will not be compatible with future 
Swing releases. The current serialization support is appropriate for short term 
storage or RMI between applications running the same version of Swing. As of 
1.4, support for long term storage of all JavaBeansTM has been added to the 
java.beans package. Please see (|java.beans.XMLEncoder|) . 


*int_javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent.INTERNAL_FRAME_FIRST*

An AWTEvent that adds support for JInternalFrame objects as the event source. 
This class has the same event types as WindowEvent, although different IDs are 
used. Help on handling internal frame events is in How to Write an Internal 
Frame Listener, a section in The Java Tutorial. 

Warning: Serialized objects of this class will not be compatible with future 
Swing releases. The current serialization support is appropriate for short term 
storage or RMI between applications running the same version of Swing. As of 
1.4, support for long term storage of all JavaBeansTM has been added to the 
java.beans package. Please see (|java.beans.XMLEncoder|) . 


*int_javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent.INTERNAL_FRAME_ICONIFIED*

An AWTEvent that adds support for JInternalFrame objects as the event source. 
This class has the same event types as WindowEvent, although different IDs are 
used. Help on handling internal frame events is in How to Write an Internal 
Frame Listener, a section in The Java Tutorial. 

Warning: Serialized objects of this class will not be compatible with future 
Swing releases. The current serialization support is appropriate for short term 
storage or RMI between applications running the same version of Swing. As of 
1.4, support for long term storage of all JavaBeansTM has been added to the 
java.beans package. Please see (|java.beans.XMLEncoder|) . 


*int_javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent.INTERNAL_FRAME_LAST*

An AWTEvent that adds support for JInternalFrame objects as the event source. 
This class has the same event types as WindowEvent, although different IDs are 
used. Help on handling internal frame events is in How to Write an Internal 
Frame Listener, a section in The Java Tutorial. 

Warning: Serialized objects of this class will not be compatible with future 
Swing releases. The current serialization support is appropriate for short term 
storage or RMI between applications running the same version of Swing. As of 
1.4, support for long term storage of all JavaBeansTM has been added to the 
java.beans package. Please see (|java.beans.XMLEncoder|) . 


*int_javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent.INTERNAL_FRAME_OPENED*

An AWTEvent that adds support for JInternalFrame objects as the event source. 
This class has the same event types as WindowEvent, although different IDs are 
used. Help on handling internal frame events is in How to Write an Internal 
Frame Listener, a section in The Java Tutorial. 

Warning: Serialized objects of this class will not be compatible with future 
Swing releases. The current serialization support is appropriate for short term 
storage or RMI between applications running the same version of Swing. As of 
1.4, support for long term storage of all JavaBeansTM has been added to the 
java.beans package. Please see (|java.beans.XMLEncoder|) . 



*javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent(JInternalFrame,int)*

public InternalFrameEvent(
  javax.swing.JInternalFrame source,
  int id)

Constructs an InternalFrameEvent object. 

    source - the JInternalFrame object that originated the event 
    id - an integer indicating the type of event 

*javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent.getInternalFrame()*

public |javax.swing.JInternalFrame| getInternalFrame()

Returns the originator of the event. 


    Returns: the JInternalFrame object that originated the event 
*javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent.paramString()*

public |java.lang.String| paramString()

Returns a parameter string identifying this event. This method is useful for 
event logging and for debugging. 


    Returns: a string identifying the event and its attributes 

