*java.rmi.activation.ActivationDesc* *ActivationDesc* An activation descriptor c

public final class ActivationDesc
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |java.io.Serializable|

|java.rmi.activation.ActivationDesc_Description|
|java.rmi.activation.ActivationDesc_Fields|
|java.rmi.activation.ActivationDesc_Constructors|
|java.rmi.activation.ActivationDesc_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.rmi.activation.ActivationDesc_Constructors*
|java.rmi.activation.ActivationDesc(ActivationGroupID,String,String,MarshalledObject)|
|java.rmi.activation.ActivationDesc(ActivationGroupID,String,String,MarshalledObject,boolean)|
|java.rmi.activation.ActivationDesc(String,String,MarshalledObject)|Constructs 
|java.rmi.activation.ActivationDesc(String,String,MarshalledObject,boolean)|Con

*java.rmi.activation.ActivationDesc_Methods*
|java.rmi.activation.ActivationDesc.equals(Object)|Compares two activation desc
|java.rmi.activation.ActivationDesc.getClassName()|Returns the class name for t
|java.rmi.activation.ActivationDesc.getData()|Returns a "marshalled object" con
|java.rmi.activation.ActivationDesc.getGroupID()|Returns the group identifier f
|java.rmi.activation.ActivationDesc.getLocation()|Returns the code location for
|java.rmi.activation.ActivationDesc.getRestartMode()|Returns the "restart" mode
|java.rmi.activation.ActivationDesc.hashCode()|Return the same hashCode for sim

*java.rmi.activation.ActivationDesc_Description*

An activation descriptor contains the information necessary to activate an 
object: the object's group identifier, the object's fully-qualified class name, 
the object's code location (the location of the class), a codebase URL path, 
the object's restart "mode", and, a "marshalled" object that can contain object 
specific initialization data. 

A descriptor registered with the activation system can be used to 
recreate/activate the object specified by the descriptor. The MarshalledObject 
in the object's descriptor is passed as the second argument to the remote 
object's constructor for object to use during reinitialization/activation. 


*java.rmi.activation.ActivationDesc(ActivationGroupID,String,String,MarshalledObject)*

public ActivationDesc(
  java.rmi.activation.ActivationGroupID groupID,
  java.lang.String className,
  java.lang.String location,
  java.rmi.MarshalledObject data)

Constructs an object descriptor for an object whose class name is className 
that can be loaded from the code location and whose initialization information 
is data. All objects with the same groupID are activated in the same Java VM. 

Note that objects specified by a descriptor created with this constructor will 
only be activated on demand (by default, the restart mode is false). If an 
activatable object requires restart services, use one of the ActivationDesc 
constructors that takes a boolean parameter, restart. 

    groupID - the group's identifier (obtained from registering 
       ActivationSystem.registerGroup method). The group indicates the VM in 
       which the object should be activated. 
    className - the object's fully package-qualified class name 
    location - the object's code location (from where the class is loaded) 
    data - the object's initialization (activation) data contained in marshalled form. 

*java.rmi.activation.ActivationDesc(ActivationGroupID,String,String,MarshalledObject,boolean)*

public ActivationDesc(
  java.rmi.activation.ActivationGroupID groupID,
  java.lang.String className,
  java.lang.String location,
  java.rmi.MarshalledObject data,
  boolean restart)

Constructs an object descriptor for an object whose class name is className 
that can be loaded from the code location and whose initialization information 
is data. All objects with the same groupID are activated in the same Java VM. 

    groupID - the group's identifier (obtained from registering 
       ActivationSystem.registerGroup method). The group indicates the VM in 
       which the object should be activated. 
    className - the object's fully package-qualified class name 
    location - the object's code location (from where the class is loaded) 
    data - the object's initialization (activation) data contained in marshalled form. 
    restart - if true, the object is restarted (reactivated) when either the activator is 
       restarted or the object's activation group is restarted after an 
       unexpected crash; if false, the object is only activated on demand. 
       Specifying restart to be true does not force an initial immediate 
       activation of a newly registered object; initial activation is lazy. 

*java.rmi.activation.ActivationDesc(String,String,MarshalledObject)*

public ActivationDesc(
  java.lang.String className,
  java.lang.String location,
  java.rmi.MarshalledObject data)
  throws |java.rmi.activation.ActivationException|
         
Constructs an object descriptor for an object whose class name is className, 
that can be loaded from the code location and whose initialization information 
is data. If this form of the constructor is used, the groupID defaults to the 
current id for ActivationGroup for this VM. All objects with the same 
ActivationGroupID are activated in the same VM. 

Note that objects specified by a descriptor created with this constructor will 
only be activated on demand (by default, the restart mode is false). If an 
activatable object requires restart services, use one of the ActivationDesc 
constructors that takes a boolean parameter, restart. 

This constructor will throw ActivationException if there is no current 
activation group for this VM. To create an ActivationGroup use the 
ActivationGroup.createGroup method. 

    className - the object's fully package qualified class name 
    location - the object's code location (from where the class is loaded) 
    data - the object's initialization (activation) data contained in marshalled form. 

*java.rmi.activation.ActivationDesc(String,String,MarshalledObject,boolean)*

public ActivationDesc(
  java.lang.String className,
  java.lang.String location,
  java.rmi.MarshalledObject data,
  boolean restart)
  throws |java.rmi.activation.ActivationException|
         
Constructs an object descriptor for an object whose class name is className, 
that can be loaded from the code location and whose initialization information 
is data. If this form of the constructor is used, the groupID defaults to the 
current id for ActivationGroup for this VM. All objects with the same 
ActivationGroupID are activated in the same VM. 

This constructor will throw ActivationException if there is no current 
activation group for this VM. To create an ActivationGroup use the 
ActivationGroup.createGroup method. 

    className - the object's fully package qualified class name 
    location - the object's code location (from where the class is loaded) 
    data - the object's initialization (activation) data contained in marshalled form. 
    restart - if true, the object is restarted (reactivated) when either the activator is 
       restarted or the object's activation group is restarted after an 
       unexpected crash; if false, the object is only activated on demand. 
       Specifying restart to be true does not force an initial immediate 
       activation of a newly registered object; initial activation is lazy. 

*java.rmi.activation.ActivationDesc.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object obj)

Compares two activation descriptors for content equality. 

    obj - the Object to compare with 

    Returns: true if these Objects are equal; false otherwise. 
*java.rmi.activation.ActivationDesc.getClassName()*

public |java.lang.String| getClassName()

Returns the class name for the object specified by this descriptor. 


    Returns: the class name 
*java.rmi.activation.ActivationDesc.getData()*

public |java.rmi.MarshalledObject| getData()

Returns a "marshalled object" containing intialization/activation data for the 
object specified by this descriptor. 


    Returns: the object specific "initialization" data 
*java.rmi.activation.ActivationDesc.getGroupID()*

public |java.rmi.activation.ActivationGroupID| getGroupID()

Returns the group identifier for the object specified by this descriptor. A 
group provides a way to aggregate objects into a single Java virtual machine. 
RMI creates/activates objects with the same groupID in the same virtual 
machine. 


    Returns: the group identifier 
*java.rmi.activation.ActivationDesc.getLocation()*

public |java.lang.String| getLocation()

Returns the code location for the object specified by this descriptor. 


    Returns: the code location 
*java.rmi.activation.ActivationDesc.getRestartMode()*

public boolean getRestartMode()

Returns the "restart" mode of the object associated with this activation 
descriptor. 


    Returns: true if the activatable object associated with this activation descriptor is 
             restarted via the activation daemon when either the daemon comes 
             up or the object's group is restarted after an unexpected crash; 
             otherwise it returns false, meaning that the object is only 
             activated on demand via a method call. Note that if the restart 
             mode is true, the activator does not force an initial immediate 
             activation of a newly registered object; initial activation is 
             lazy. 
*java.rmi.activation.ActivationDesc.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()

Return the same hashCode for similar ActivationDescs. 


    Returns: 

