*javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY* *DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY* Class DocFlavor.BYTE_A

public static class DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY
  extends    |javax.print.DocFlavor|

|javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_Description|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_Fields|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_Constructors|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_Fields*
|javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.AUTOSENSE|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.GIF|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.JPEG|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.PCL|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.PDF|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.PNG|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.POSTSCRIPT|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.TEXT_HTML_HOST|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.TEXT_HTML_US_ASCII|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.TEXT_HTML_UTF_16|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.TEXT_HTML_UTF_16BE|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.TEXT_HTML_UTF_16LE|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.TEXT_HTML_UTF_8|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.TEXT_PLAIN_HOST|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.TEXT_PLAIN_US_ASCII|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.TEXT_PLAIN_UTF_16|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.TEXT_PLAIN_UTF_16BE|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.TEXT_PLAIN_UTF_16LE|
|javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.TEXT_PLAIN_UTF_8|

*javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_Constructors*
|javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY(String)|Constructs a new doc flavor with the 

*javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_Description*

Class DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte array (byte[]) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.AUTOSENSE*

Class DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte array (byte[]) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.GIF*

Class DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte array (byte[]) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.JPEG*

Class DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte array (byte[]) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.PCL*

Class DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte array (byte[]) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.PDF*

Class DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte array (byte[]) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.PNG*

Class DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte array (byte[]) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.POSTSCRIPT*

Class DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte array (byte[]) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.TEXT_HTML_HOST*

Class DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte array (byte[]) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.TEXT_HTML_US_ASCII*

Class DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte array (byte[]) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.TEXT_HTML_UTF_16*

Class DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte array (byte[]) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.TEXT_HTML_UTF_16BE*

Class DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte array (byte[]) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.TEXT_HTML_UTF_16LE*

Class DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte array (byte[]) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.TEXT_HTML_UTF_8*

Class DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte array (byte[]) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.TEXT_PLAIN_HOST*

Class DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte array (byte[]) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.TEXT_PLAIN_US_ASCII*

Class DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte array (byte[]) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.TEXT_PLAIN_UTF_16*

Class DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte array (byte[]) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.TEXT_PLAIN_UTF_16BE*

Class DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte array (byte[]) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.TEXT_PLAIN_UTF_16LE*

Class DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte array (byte[]) as the print data 
representation class. 


*javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY_javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY.TEXT_PLAIN_UTF_8*

Class DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY provides predefined static constant DocFlavor 
objects for example doc flavors using a byte array (byte[]) as the print data 
representation class. 



*javax.print.DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY(String)*

public DocFlavor.BYTE_ARRAY(java.lang.String mimeType)

Constructs a new doc flavor with the given MIME type and a print data 
representation class name of "[B" (byte array). 

    mimeType - MIME media type string. 

