*java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter* *RGBImageFilter* This class provides an easy way to create an ImageFilter which modifies
 the pixels of an image in the default RGB ColorModel.

public abstract class RGBImageFilter
  extends    |java.awt.image.ImageFilter|

|java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter_Description|
|java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter_Fields|
|java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter_Constructors|
|java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter_Methods|

====================================================================================================================================================================================

*java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter_Fields*
|boolean_java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter.canFilterIndexColorModel|
|java.awt.image.ColorModel_java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter.newmodel|
|java.awt.image.ColorModel_java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter.origmodel|

*java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter_Constructors*
|java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter()|

*java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter_Methods*
|java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter.filterIndexColorModel(IndexColorModel)|Filters an IndexColorModel object by running each entry in its  color tables through the filterRGB function t
|java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter.filterRGB(int,int,int)|Subclasses must specify a method to convert a single input pixel  in the default RGB ColorModel to a single output pixel.
|java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter.filterRGBPixels(int,int,int,int,int[],int,int)|Filters a buffer of pixels in the default RGB ColorModel by passing  them one by one through the filt
|java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter.setColorModel(ColorModel)|If the ColorModel is an IndexColorModel and the subclass has  set the canFilterIndexColorModel flag to true, we substitute
|java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter.setPixels(int,int,int,int,ColorModel,byte[],int,int)|If the ColorModel object is the same one that has already  been converted, then simply passes t
|java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter.setPixels(int,int,int,int,ColorModel,int[],int,int)|If the ColorModel object is the same one that has already  been converted, then simply passes th
|java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter.substituteColorModel(ColorModel,ColorModel)|Registers two ColorModel objects for substitution.

*java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter_Description*

This class provides an easy way to create an ImageFilter which modifies the pixels of an image in the default RGB ColorModel. It is meant to be used in conjunction with a 
FilteredImageSource object to produce filtered versions of existing images. It is an abstract class that provides the calls needed to channel all of the pixel data through a 
single method which converts pixels one at a time in the default RGB ColorModel regardless of the ColorModel being used by the ImageProducer. The only method which needs to be 
defined to create a useable image filter is the filterRGB method. Here is an example of a definition of a filter which swaps the red and blue components of an image: 

class RedBlueSwapFilter extends RGBImageFilter { public RedBlueSwapFilter() { // The filter's operation does not depend on the // pixel's location, so IndexColorModels can be // 
filtered directly. canFilterIndexColorModel = true; } 

public int filterRGB(int x, int y, int rgb) { return ((rgb & 0xff00ff00) | ((rgb & 0xff0000) >> 16) | ((rgb & 0xff) << 16)); } } 





*boolean_java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter.canFilterIndexColorModel*

This boolean indicates whether or not it is acceptable to apply the color filtering of the filterRGB method to the color table entries of an IndexColorModel object in lieu of 
pixel by pixel filtering. Subclasses should set this variable to true in their constructor if their filterRGB method does not depend on the coordinate of the pixel being filtered. 


*java.awt.image.ColorModel_java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter.newmodel*

The ColorModel with which to replace origmodel when the user calls substituteColorModel. 


*java.awt.image.ColorModel_java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter.origmodel*

The ColorModel to be replaced by newmodel when the user calls substituteColorModel(|java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter|) . 



*java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter()*

public RGBImageFilter()




*java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter.filterIndexColorModel(IndexColorModel)*

public |java.awt.image.IndexColorModel| filterIndexColorModel(java.awt.image.IndexColorModel icm)

Filters an IndexColorModel object by running each entry in its color tables through the filterRGB function that RGBImageFilter subclasses must provide. Uses coordinates of -1 to 
indicate that a color table entry is being filtered rather than an actual pixel value. 


    icm - the IndexColorModel object to be filtered 

    Returns: a new IndexColorModel representing the filtered colors 

*java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter.filterRGB(int,int,int)*

public abstract int filterRGB(
  int x,
  int y,
  int rgb)

Subclasses must specify a method to convert a single input pixel in the default RGB ColorModel to a single output pixel. 


    x,&nbsp;y - the coordinates of the pixel 
    rgb - the integer pixel representation in the default RGB color model 

    Returns: a filtered pixel in the default RGB color model. 

*java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter.filterRGBPixels(int,int,int,int,int[],int,int)*

public void filterRGBPixels(
  int x,
  int y,
  int w,
  int h,
  int[] pixels,
  int off,
  int scansize)

Filters a buffer of pixels in the default RGB ColorModel by passing them one by one through the filterRGB method. 


    x,&nbsp;y - the coordinates of the upper-left corner of the region of pixels 
    w - the width of the region of pixels 
    h - the height of the region of pixels 
    pixels - the array of pixels 
    off - the offset into the pixels array 
    scansize - the distance from one row of pixels to the next in the array 

*java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter.setColorModel(ColorModel)*

public void setColorModel(java.awt.image.ColorModel model)

If the ColorModel is an IndexColorModel and the subclass has set the canFilterIndexColorModel flag to true, we substitute a filtered version of the color model here and wherever 
that original ColorModel object appears in the setPixels methods. If the ColorModel is not an IndexColorModel or is null, this method overrides the default ColorModel used by the 
ImageProducer and specifies the default RGB ColorModel instead. 

Note: This method is intended to be called by the ImageProducer of the Image whose pixels are being filtered. Developers using this class to filter pixels from an image should 
avoid calling this method directly since that operation could interfere with the filtering operation. 



*java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter.setPixels(int,int,int,int,ColorModel,byte[],int,int)*

public void setPixels(
  int x,
  int y,
  int w,
  int h,
  java.awt.image.ColorModel model,
  byte[] pixels,
  int off,
  int scansize)

If the ColorModel object is the same one that has already been converted, then simply passes the pixels through with the converted ColorModel. Otherwise converts the buffer of 
byte pixels to the default RGB ColorModel and passes the converted buffer to the filterRGBPixels method to be converted one by one. 

Note: This method is intended to be called by the ImageProducer of the Image whose pixels are being filtered. Developers using this class to filter pixels from an image should 
avoid calling this method directly since that operation could interfere with the filtering operation. 



*java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter.setPixels(int,int,int,int,ColorModel,int[],int,int)*

public void setPixels(
  int x,
  int y,
  int w,
  int h,
  java.awt.image.ColorModel model,
  int[] pixels,
  int off,
  int scansize)

If the ColorModel object is the same one that has already been converted, then simply passes the pixels through with the converted ColorModel, otherwise converts the buffer of 
integer pixels to the default RGB ColorModel and passes the converted buffer to the filterRGBPixels method to be converted one by one. Converts a buffer of integer pixels to the 
default RGB ColorModel and passes the converted buffer to the filterRGBPixels method. 

Note: This method is intended to be called by the ImageProducer of the Image whose pixels are being filtered. Developers using this class to filter pixels from an image should 
avoid calling this method directly since that operation could interfere with the filtering operation. 



*java.awt.image.RGBImageFilter.substituteColorModel(ColorModel,ColorModel)*

public void substituteColorModel(
  java.awt.image.ColorModel oldcm,
  java.awt.image.ColorModel newcm)

Registers two ColorModel objects for substitution. If the oldcm is encountered during any of the setPixels methods, the newcm is substituted and the pixels passed through 
untouched (but with the new ColorModel object). 


    oldcm - the ColorModel object to be replaced on the fly 
    newcm - the ColorModel object to replace oldcm on the fly 


