*javax.print.StreamPrintServiceFactory* *StreamPrintServiceFactory* A StreamPrin

public abstract class StreamPrintServiceFactory
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|javax.print.StreamPrintServiceFactory_Description|
|javax.print.StreamPrintServiceFactory_Fields|
|javax.print.StreamPrintServiceFactory_Constructors|
|javax.print.StreamPrintServiceFactory_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.print.StreamPrintServiceFactory_Constructors*
|javax.print.StreamPrintServiceFactory()|

*javax.print.StreamPrintServiceFactory_Methods*
|javax.print.StreamPrintServiceFactory.getOutputFormat()|Queries the factory fo
|javax.print.StreamPrintServiceFactory.getPrintService(OutputStream)|Returns a 
|javax.print.StreamPrintServiceFactory.getSupportedDocFlavors()|Queries the fac
|javax.print.StreamPrintServiceFactory.lookupStreamPrintServiceFactories(DocFlavor,String)|

*javax.print.StreamPrintServiceFactory_Description*

A StreamPrintServiceFactory is the factory for 
(|javax.print.StreamPrintService|) instances, which can print to an output 
stream in a particular document format described as a mime type. A typical 
output document format may be Postscript(TM). 

This class is implemented by a service and located by the implementation using 
the 

SPI JAR File specification. 

Applications locate instances of this class by calling the 
(|javax.print.StreamPrintServiceFactory|) method. 

Applications can use a StreamPrintService obtained from a factory in place of a 
PrintService which represents a physical printer device. 


*javax.print.StreamPrintServiceFactory()*

public StreamPrintServiceFactory()




*javax.print.StreamPrintServiceFactory.getOutputFormat()*

public abstract |java.lang.String| getOutputFormat()

Queries the factory for the document format that is emitted by printers 
obtained from this factory. 


    Returns: the output format described as a mime type. 
*javax.print.StreamPrintServiceFactory.getPrintService(OutputStream)*

public abstract |javax.print.StreamPrintService| getPrintService(java.io.OutputStream out)

Returns a StreamPrintService that can print to the specified output stream. The 
output stream is created and managed by the application. It is the 
application's responsibility to close the stream and to ensure that this 
Printer is not reused. The application should not close this stream until any 
print job created from the printer is complete. Doing so earlier may generate a 
PrinterException and an event indicating that the job failed. 

Whereas a PrintService connected to a physical printer can be reused, a 
StreamPrintService connected to a stream cannot. The underlying 
StreamPrintService may be disposed by the print system with the 
dispose(|javax.print.StreamPrintService|) method before returning from the 
print(|javax.print.DocPrintJob|) method of DocPrintJob so that the print system 
knows this printer is no longer usable. This is equivalent to a physical 
printer going offline - permanently. Applications may supply a null print 
stream to create a queryable service. It is not valid to create a PrintJob for 
such a stream. Implementations which allocate resources on construction should 
examine the stream and may wish to only allocate resources if the stream is 
non-null. 

    out - destination stream for generated output. 

    Returns: a PrintService which will generate the format specified by the DocFlavor 
             supported by this Factory. 
*javax.print.StreamPrintServiceFactory.getSupportedDocFlavors()*

public abstract |javax.print.DocFlavor| getSupportedDocFlavors()

Queries the factory for the document flavors that can be accepted by printers 
obtained from this factory. 


    Returns: array of supported doc flavors. 
*javax.print.StreamPrintServiceFactory.lookupStreamPrintServiceFactories(DocFlavor,String)*

public static |javax.print.StreamPrintServiceFactory| lookupStreamPrintServiceFactories(
  javax.print.DocFlavor flavor,
  java.lang.String outputMimeType)

Locates factories for print services that can be used with a print job to 
output a stream of data in the format specified by flavor. For example, the doc 
flavor is the document type that you want to create, not the flavor of the 
document before printing. 

Although null is an acceptable value to use in the lookup of stream printing 
services, it's typical to search for a particular desired format, such as 
Postscript(TM). 

    flavor - of the input document type - null means match all types. 
    outputMimeType - representing the required output format, used to identify suitable stream 
       printer factories. A value of null means match all formats. 

    Returns: - matching factories for stream print service instance, empty if no suitable 
             factories could be located. 

