*javax.print.SimpleDoc* *SimpleDoc* This class is an implementation of interface

public final class SimpleDoc
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |javax.print.Doc|

|javax.print.SimpleDoc_Description|
|javax.print.SimpleDoc_Fields|
|javax.print.SimpleDoc_Constructors|
|javax.print.SimpleDoc_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.print.SimpleDoc_Constructors*
|javax.print.SimpleDoc(Object,DocFlavor,DocAttributeSet)|Constructs a SimpleDoc

*javax.print.SimpleDoc_Methods*
|javax.print.SimpleDoc.getAttributes()|Obtains the set of printing attributes f
|javax.print.SimpleDoc.getDocFlavor()|Determines the doc flavor in which this d
|javax.print.SimpleDoc.getPrintData()|
|javax.print.SimpleDoc.getReaderForText()|Obtains a reader for extracting chara
|javax.print.SimpleDoc.getStreamForBytes()|Obtains an input stream for extracti

*javax.print.SimpleDoc_Description*

This class is an implementation of interface Doc that can be used in many 
common printing requests. It can handle all of the presently defined 
"pre-defined" doc flavors defined as static variables in the DocFlavor class. 

In particular this class implements certain required semantics of the Doc 
specification as follows: 

constructs a stream for the service if requested and appropriate. ensures the 
same object is returned for each call on a method. ensures multiple threads can 
access the Doc performs some validation of that the data matches the doc 
flavor. 

Clients who want to re-use the doc object in other jobs, or need a MultiDoc 
will not want to use this class. 

If the print data is a stream, or a print job requests data as a stream, then 
SimpleDoc does not monitor if the service properly closes the stream after data 
transfer completion or job termination. Clients may prefer to use provide their 
own implementation of doc that adds a listener to monitor job completion and to 
validate that resources such as streams are freed (ie closed). 


*javax.print.SimpleDoc(Object,DocFlavor,DocAttributeSet)*

public SimpleDoc(
  java.lang.Object printData,
  javax.print.DocFlavor flavor,
  javax.print.attribute.DocAttributeSet attributes)

Constructs a SimpleDoc with the specified print data, doc flavor and doc 
attribute set. 

    printData - the print data object 
    flavor - the DocFlavor object 
    attributes - a DocAttributeSet, which can be null 

*javax.print.SimpleDoc.getAttributes()*

public |javax.print.attribute.DocAttributeSet| getAttributes()

Obtains the set of printing attributes for this doc object. If the returned 
attribute set includes an instance of a particular attribute X, the printer 
must use that attribute value for this doc, overriding any value of attribute X 
in the job's attribute set. If the returned attribute set does not include an 
instance of a particular attribute X or if null is returned, the printer must 
consult the job's attribute set to obtain the value for attribute X, and if not 
found there, the printer must use an implementation-dependent default value. 
The returned attribute set is unmodifiable. 


    Returns: Unmodifiable set of printing attributes for this doc, or null to obtain all 
             attribute values from the job's attribute set. 
*javax.print.SimpleDoc.getDocFlavor()*

public |javax.print.DocFlavor| getDocFlavor()

Determines the doc flavor in which this doc object will supply its piece of 
print data. 


    Returns: 
*javax.print.SimpleDoc.getPrintData()*

public |java.lang.Object| getPrintData()
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         



*javax.print.SimpleDoc.getReaderForText()*

public |java.io.Reader| getReaderForText()
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Obtains a reader for extracting character print data from this doc. The Doc 
implementation is required to support this method if the DocFlavor has one of 
the following print data representation classes, and return null otherwise: 

char[] java.lang.String java.io.Reader 

The doc's print data representation object is used to construct and return a 
Reader for reading the print data as a stream of characters from the print data 
representation object. However, if the print data representation object is 
itself a Reader then the print data representation object is simply returned. 


    Returns: a Reader for reading the print data characters from this doc. If a reader 
             cannot be provided because this doc does not meet the criteria 
             stated above, null is returned. 
*javax.print.SimpleDoc.getStreamForBytes()*

public |java.io.InputStream| getStreamForBytes()
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Obtains an input stream for extracting byte print data from this doc. The Doc 
implementation is required to support this method if the DocFlavor has one of 
the following print data representation classes; otherwise this method returns 
null: 

byte[] java.io.InputStream 

The doc's print data representation object is obtained. Then, an input stream 
for reading the print data from the print data representation object as a 
stream of bytes is created and returned. However, if the print data 
representation object is itself an input stream then the print data 
representation object is simply returned. 


    Returns: an InputStream for reading the print data bytes from this doc. If an input 
             stream cannot be provided because this doc does not meet the 
             criteria stated above, null is returned. 

