*javax.print.PrintServiceLookup* *PrintServiceLookup* Implementations of this cl

public abstract class PrintServiceLookup
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|javax.print.PrintServiceLookup_Description|
|javax.print.PrintServiceLookup_Fields|
|javax.print.PrintServiceLookup_Constructors|
|javax.print.PrintServiceLookup_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.print.PrintServiceLookup_Constructors*
|javax.print.PrintServiceLookup()|

*javax.print.PrintServiceLookup_Methods*
|javax.print.PrintServiceLookup.getDefaultPrintService()|Not called directly by
|javax.print.PrintServiceLookup.getMultiDocPrintServices(DocFlavor[],AttributeSet)|
|javax.print.PrintServiceLookup.getPrintServices()|Not called directly by appli
|javax.print.PrintServiceLookup.getPrintServices(DocFlavor,AttributeSet)|Locate
|javax.print.PrintServiceLookup.lookupDefaultPrintService()|Locates the default
|javax.print.PrintServiceLookup.lookupMultiDocPrintServices(DocFlavor[],AttributeSet)|
|javax.print.PrintServiceLookup.lookupPrintServices(DocFlavor,AttributeSet)|Loc
|javax.print.PrintServiceLookup.registerService(PrintService)|Allows an applica
|javax.print.PrintServiceLookup.registerServiceProvider(PrintServiceLookup)|All

*javax.print.PrintServiceLookup_Description*

Implementations of this class provide lookup services for print services 
(typically equivalent to printers) of a particular type. 

Multiple implementations may be installed concurrently. All implementations 
must be able to describe the located printers as instances of a PrintService. 
Typically implementations of this service class are located automatically in 
JAR files (see the SPI JAR file specification). These classes must be 
instantiable using a default constructor. Alternatively applications may 
explicitly register instances at runtime. 

Applications use only the static methods of this abstract class. The instance 
methods are implemented by a service provider in a subclass and the unification 
of the results from all installed lookup classes are reported by the static 
methods of this class when called by the application. 

A PrintServiceLookup implementor is recommended to check for the 
SecurityManager.checkPrintJobAccess() to deny access to untrusted code. 
Following this recommended policy means that untrusted code may not be able to 
locate any print services. Downloaded applets are the most common example of 
untrusted code. 

This check is made on a per lookup service basis to allow flexibility in the 
policy to reflect the needs of different lookup services. 

Services which are registered by registerService(PrintService) will not be 
included in lookup results if a security manager is installed and its 
checkPrintJobAccess() method denies access. 


*javax.print.PrintServiceLookup()*

public PrintServiceLookup()




*javax.print.PrintServiceLookup.getDefaultPrintService()*

public abstract |javax.print.PrintService| getDefaultPrintService()

Not called directly by applications. Implemented by a service provider, and 
called by the print lookup service 


    Returns: the default PrintService for this lookup service. If there is no default, 
             returns null. 
*javax.print.PrintServiceLookup.getMultiDocPrintServices(DocFlavor[],AttributeSet)*

public abstract |javax.print.MultiDocPrintService| getMultiDocPrintServices(
  javax.print.DocFlavor[] flavors,
  javax.print.attribute.AttributeSet attributes)

Not called directly by applications. 

Implemented by a service provider, used by the static methods of this class. 

Locates MultiDoc print services which can be positively confirmed to support 
the combination of attributes and DocFlavors specified. 

    flavors - of documents required. If null or empty it is ignored. 
    attributes - required to be supported. If null this constraint is not used. 

    Returns: array of matching PrintServices. If no services match, the array is 
             zero-length. 
*javax.print.PrintServiceLookup.getPrintServices()*

public abstract |javax.print.PrintService| getPrintServices()

Not called directly by applications. Implemented by a service provider, used by 
the static methods of this class. 


    Returns: array of all PrintServices known to this lookup service class. If none are 
             found, the array is zero-length. 
*javax.print.PrintServiceLookup.getPrintServices(DocFlavor,AttributeSet)*

public abstract |javax.print.PrintService| getPrintServices(
  javax.print.DocFlavor flavor,
  javax.print.attribute.AttributeSet attributes)

Locates services that can be positively confirmed to support the combination of 
attributes and DocFlavors specified. This method is not called directly by 
applications. 

Implemented by a service provider, used by the static methods of this class. 

The results should be the same as obtaining all the PrintServices and querying 
each one individually on its support for the specified attributes and flavors, 
but the process can be more efficient by taking advantage of the capabilities 
of lookup services for the print services. 

    flavor - of document required. If null it is ignored. 
    attributes - required to be supported. If null this constraint is not used. 

    Returns: array of matching PrintServices. If no services match, the array is 
             zero-length. 
*javax.print.PrintServiceLookup.lookupDefaultPrintService()*

public static final |javax.print.PrintService| lookupDefaultPrintService()

Locates the default print service for this environment. This may return null. 
If multiple lookup services each specify a default, the chosen service is not 
precisely defined, but a platform native service, rather than an installed 
service, is usually returned as the default. If there is no clearly 
identifiable platform native default print service, the default is the first to 
be located in an implementation-dependent manner. 

This may include making use of any preferences API that is available as part of 
the Java or native platform. This algorithm may be overridden by a user setting 
the property javax.print.defaultPrinter. A service specified must be discovered 
to be valid and currently available to be returned as the default. 


    Returns: the default PrintService. 
*javax.print.PrintServiceLookup.lookupMultiDocPrintServices(DocFlavor[],AttributeSet)*

public static final |javax.print.MultiDocPrintService| lookupMultiDocPrintServices(
  javax.print.DocFlavor[] flavors,
  javax.print.attribute.AttributeSet attributes)

Locates MultiDoc print Services capable of printing MultiDocs containing all 
the specified doc flavors. This method is useful to help locate a service that 
can print a MultiDoc in which the elements may be different flavors. An 
application could perform this itself by multiple lookups on each DocFlavor in 
turn and collating the results, but the lookup service may be able to do this 
more efficiently. 

    flavors - the flavors to print. If null or empty this constraint is not used. Otherwise 
       return only multidoc print services that can print all specified doc 
       flavors. 
    attributes - attributes that the print service must support. If null this constraint is not 
       used. 

    Returns: array of matching {@link MultiDocPrintService} objects. If no services match, 
             the array is zero-length. 
*javax.print.PrintServiceLookup.lookupPrintServices(DocFlavor,AttributeSet)*

public static final |javax.print.PrintService| lookupPrintServices(
  javax.print.DocFlavor flavor,
  javax.print.attribute.AttributeSet attributes)

Locates print services capable of printing the specified 
(|javax.print.DocFlavor|) . 

    flavor - the flavor to print. If null, this constraint is not used. 
    attributes - attributes that the print service must support. If null this constraint is not 
       used. 

    Returns: array of matching PrintService objects representing print services that support 
             the specified flavor attributes. If no services match, the array 
             is zero-length. 
*javax.print.PrintServiceLookup.registerService(PrintService)*

public static boolean registerService(javax.print.PrintService service)

Allows an application to directly register an instance of a class which 
implements a print service. The lookup operations for this service will be 
performed by the PrintServiceLookup class using the attribute values and 
classes reported by the service. This may be less efficient than a lookup 
service tuned for that service. Therefore registering a PrintServiceLookup 
instance instead is recommended. The method returns true if this service is not 
previously registered and is now successfully registered. This method should 
not be called with StreamPrintService instances. They will always fail to 
register and the method will return false. 

    service - an implementation of a print service. 

    Returns: true if the service is newly registered; false otherwise. 
*javax.print.PrintServiceLookup.registerServiceProvider(PrintServiceLookup)*

public static boolean registerServiceProvider(javax.print.PrintServiceLookup sp)

Allows an application to explicitly register a class that implements lookup 
services. The registration will not persist across VM invocations. This is 
useful if an application needs to make a new service available that is not part 
of the installation. If the lookup service is already registered, or cannot be 
registered, the method returns false. 

    sp - an implementation of a lookup service. 

    Returns: true if the new lookup service is newly registered; false otherwise. 

