*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName* *MediaSizeName* Class MediaSizeNa

public class MediaSizeName
  extends    |javax.print.attribute.standard.Media|

|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_Description|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_Fields|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_Constructors|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_Fields*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.A|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.B|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.C|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.D|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.E|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.EXECUTIVE|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.FOLIO|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.INVOICE|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_A0|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_A1|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_A10|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_A2|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_A3|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_A4|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_A5|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_A6|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_A7|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_A8|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_A9|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_B0|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_B1|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_B10|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_B2|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_B3|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_B4|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_B5|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_B6|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_B7|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_B8|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_B9|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_C0|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_C1|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_C2|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_C3|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_C4|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_C5|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_C6|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_DESIGNATED_LONG|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ITALY_ENVELOPE|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.JAPANESE_DOUBLE_POSTCARD|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.JAPANESE_POSTCARD|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.JIS_B0|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.JIS_B1|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.JIS_B10|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.JIS_B2|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.JIS_B3|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.JIS_B4|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.JIS_B5|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.JIS_B6|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.JIS_B7|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.JIS_B8|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.JIS_B9|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.LEDGER|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.MONARCH_ENVELOPE|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_10X13_ENVELOPE|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_10X14_ENVELOPE|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_10X15_ENVELOPE|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_5X7|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_6X9_ENVELOPE|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_7X9_ENVELOPE|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_8X10|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_9X11_ENVELOPE|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_9X12_ENVELOPE|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_LEGAL|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_LETTER|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_NUMBER_10_ENVELOPE|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_NUMBER_11_ENVELOPE|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_NUMBER_12_ENVELOPE|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_NUMBER_14_ENVELOPE|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_NUMBER_9_ENVELOPE|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.PERSONAL_ENVELOPE|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.QUARTO|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.TABLOID|

*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_Constructors*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName(int)|Construct a new media size e

*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_Methods*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.getEnumValueTable()|Returns the e
|javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.getStringTable()|Returns the stri

*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_Description*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.A*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.B*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.C*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.D*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.E*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.EXECUTIVE*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.FOLIO*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.INVOICE*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_A0*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_A1*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_A10*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_A2*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_A3*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_A4*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_A5*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_A6*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_A7*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_A8*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_A9*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_B0*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_B1*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_B10*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_B2*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_B3*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_B4*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_B5*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_B6*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_B7*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_B8*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_B9*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_C0*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_C1*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_C2*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_C3*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_C4*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_C5*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_C6*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ISO_DESIGNATED_LONG*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.ITALY_ENVELOPE*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.JAPANESE_DOUBLE_POSTCARD*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.JAPANESE_POSTCARD*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.JIS_B0*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.JIS_B1*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.JIS_B10*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.JIS_B2*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.JIS_B3*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.JIS_B4*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.JIS_B5*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.JIS_B6*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.JIS_B7*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.JIS_B8*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.JIS_B9*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.LEDGER*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.MONARCH_ENVELOPE*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_10X13_ENVELOPE*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_10X14_ENVELOPE*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_10X15_ENVELOPE*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_5X7*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_6X9_ENVELOPE*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_7X9_ENVELOPE*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_8X10*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_9X11_ENVELOPE*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_9X12_ENVELOPE*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_LEGAL*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_LETTER*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_NUMBER_10_ENVELOPE*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_NUMBER_11_ENVELOPE*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_NUMBER_12_ENVELOPE*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_NUMBER_14_ENVELOPE*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.NA_NUMBER_9_ENVELOPE*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.PERSONAL_ENVELOPE*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.QUARTO*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName_javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.TABLOID*

Class MediaSizeName is a subclass of Media. 

This attribute can be used instead of specifying MediaName or MediaTray. 

Class MediaSizeName currently declares a few standard media name values. 

IPP Compatibility: MediaSizeName is a representation class for values of the 
IPP "media" attribute which names media sizes. The names of the media sizes 
correspond to those in the IPP 1.1 RFC RFC 2911 



*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName(int)*

protected MediaSizeName(int value)

Construct a new media size enumeration value with the given integer value. 

    value - Integer value. 

*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.getEnumValueTable()*

protected |javax.print.attribute.EnumSyntax| getEnumValueTable()

Returns the enumeration value table for class MediaSizeName. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName.getStringTable()*

protected |java.lang.String| getStringTable()

Returns the string table for class MediaSizeName. 



