*javax.print.attribute.standard.ColorSupported* *ColorSupported* Class ColorSupp

public final class ColorSupported
  extends    |javax.print.attribute.EnumSyntax|
  implements |javax.print.attribute.PrintServiceAttribute|

|javax.print.attribute.standard.ColorSupported_Description|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.ColorSupported_Fields|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.ColorSupported_Constructors|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.ColorSupported_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.print.attribute.standard.ColorSupported_Fields*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.ColorSupported_javax.print.attribute.standard.ColorSupported.NOT_SUPPORTED|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.ColorSupported_javax.print.attribute.standard.ColorSupported.SUPPORTED|

*javax.print.attribute.standard.ColorSupported_Constructors*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.ColorSupported(int)|Construct a new color suppo

*javax.print.attribute.standard.ColorSupported_Methods*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.ColorSupported.getCategory()|Get the printing a
|javax.print.attribute.standard.ColorSupported.getEnumValueTable()|Returns the 
|javax.print.attribute.standard.ColorSupported.getName()|Get the name of the ca
|javax.print.attribute.standard.ColorSupported.getStringTable()|Returns the str

*javax.print.attribute.standard.ColorSupported_Description*

Class ColorSupported is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that 
identifies whether the device is capable of any type of color printing at all, 
including highlight color as well as full process color. All document 
instructions having to do with color are embedded within the print data (none 
are attributes attached to the job outside the print data). 

Note: End users are able to determine the nature and details of the color 
support by querying the 
PrinterMoreInfoManufacturer(|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterMoreInfoManufacturer|)
attribute. 

Don't confuse the ColorSupported attribute with the 
Chromaticity(|javax.print.attribute.standard.Chromaticity|) attribute. 
Chromaticity(|javax.print.attribute.standard.Chromaticity|) is an attribute the 
client can specify for a job to tell the printer whether to print a document in 
monochrome or color, possibly causing the printer to print a color document in 
monochrome. ColorSupported is a printer description attribute that tells 
whether the printer can print in color regardless of how the client specifies 
to print any particular document. 

IPP Compatibility: The IPP boolean value is "true" for SUPPORTED and "false" 
for NOT_SUPPORTED. The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.ColorSupported_javax.print.attribute.standard.ColorSupported.NOT_SUPPORTED*

Class ColorSupported is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that 
identifies whether the device is capable of any type of color printing at all, 
including highlight color as well as full process color. All document 
instructions having to do with color are embedded within the print data (none 
are attributes attached to the job outside the print data). 

Note: End users are able to determine the nature and details of the color 
support by querying the 
PrinterMoreInfoManufacturer(|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterMoreInfoManufacturer|)
attribute. 

Don't confuse the ColorSupported attribute with the 
Chromaticity(|javax.print.attribute.standard.Chromaticity|) attribute. 
Chromaticity(|javax.print.attribute.standard.Chromaticity|) is an attribute the 
client can specify for a job to tell the printer whether to print a document in 
monochrome or color, possibly causing the printer to print a color document in 
monochrome. ColorSupported is a printer description attribute that tells 
whether the printer can print in color regardless of how the client specifies 
to print any particular document. 

IPP Compatibility: The IPP boolean value is "true" for SUPPORTED and "false" 
for NOT_SUPPORTED. The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.ColorSupported_javax.print.attribute.standard.ColorSupported.SUPPORTED*

Class ColorSupported is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that 
identifies whether the device is capable of any type of color printing at all, 
including highlight color as well as full process color. All document 
instructions having to do with color are embedded within the print data (none 
are attributes attached to the job outside the print data). 

Note: End users are able to determine the nature and details of the color 
support by querying the 
PrinterMoreInfoManufacturer(|javax.print.attribute.standard.PrinterMoreInfoManufacturer|)
attribute. 

Don't confuse the ColorSupported attribute with the 
Chromaticity(|javax.print.attribute.standard.Chromaticity|) attribute. 
Chromaticity(|javax.print.attribute.standard.Chromaticity|) is an attribute the 
client can specify for a job to tell the printer whether to print a document in 
monochrome or color, possibly causing the printer to print a color document in 
monochrome. ColorSupported is a printer description attribute that tells 
whether the printer can print in color regardless of how the client specifies 
to print any particular document. 

IPP Compatibility: The IPP boolean value is "true" for SUPPORTED and "false" 
for NOT_SUPPORTED. The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 



*javax.print.attribute.standard.ColorSupported(int)*

protected ColorSupported(int value)

Construct a new color supported enumeration value with the given integer value. 

    value - Integer value. 

*javax.print.attribute.standard.ColorSupported.getCategory()*

public final |java.lang.Class| getCategory()

Get the printing attribute class which is to be used as the "category" for this 
printing attribute value. 

For class ColorSupported, the category is class ColorSupported itself. 


    Returns: Printing attribute class (category), an instance of class {@link 
             java.lang.Class java.lang.Class}. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.ColorSupported.getEnumValueTable()*

protected |javax.print.attribute.EnumSyntax| getEnumValueTable()

Returns the enumeration value table for class ColorSupported. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.ColorSupported.getName()*

public final |java.lang.String| getName()

Get the name of the category of which this attribute value is an instance. 

For class ColorSupported, the category name is "color-supported". 


    Returns: Attribute category name. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.ColorSupported.getStringTable()*

protected |java.lang.String| getStringTable()

Returns the string table for class ColorSupported. 



