*javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested* *OrientationRequested* Cla

public final class OrientationRequested
  extends    |javax.print.attribute.EnumSyntax|
  implements |javax.print.attribute.DocAttribute|
             |javax.print.attribute.PrintRequestAttribute|
             |javax.print.attribute.PrintJobAttribute|

|javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested_Description|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested_Fields|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested_Constructors|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested_Fields*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested_javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested.LANDSCAPE|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested_javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested.PORTRAIT|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested_javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested.REVERSE_LANDSCAPE|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested_javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested.REVERSE_PORTRAIT|

*javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested_Constructors*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested(int)|Construct a new orien

*javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested_Methods*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested.getCategory()|Get the prin
|javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested.getEnumValueTable()|Return
|javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested.getName()|Get the name of 
|javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested.getOffset()|Returns the lo
|javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested.getStringTable()|Returns t

*javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested_Description*

Class OrientationRequested is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that 
indicates the desired orientation for printed print-stream pages; it does not 
describe the orientation of the client-supplied print-stream pages. 

For some document formats (such as "application/postscript"), the desired 
orientation of the print-stream pages is specified within the document data. 
This information is generated by a device driver prior to the submission of the 
print job. Other document formats (such as "text/plain") do not include the 
notion of desired orientation within the document data. In the latter case it 
is possible for the printer to bind the desired orientation to the document 
data after it has been submitted. It is expected that a printer would only 
support the OrientationRequested attribute for some document formats (e.g., 
"text/plain" or "text/html") but not others (e.g. "application/postscript"). 
This is no different from any other job template attribute, since a print job 
can always impose constraints among the values of different job template 
attributes. However, a special mention is made here since it is very likely 
that a printer will support the OrientationRequested attribute for only a 
subset of the supported document formats. 

IPP Compatibility: The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested_javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested.LANDSCAPE*

Class OrientationRequested is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that 
indicates the desired orientation for printed print-stream pages; it does not 
describe the orientation of the client-supplied print-stream pages. 

For some document formats (such as "application/postscript"), the desired 
orientation of the print-stream pages is specified within the document data. 
This information is generated by a device driver prior to the submission of the 
print job. Other document formats (such as "text/plain") do not include the 
notion of desired orientation within the document data. In the latter case it 
is possible for the printer to bind the desired orientation to the document 
data after it has been submitted. It is expected that a printer would only 
support the OrientationRequested attribute for some document formats (e.g., 
"text/plain" or "text/html") but not others (e.g. "application/postscript"). 
This is no different from any other job template attribute, since a print job 
can always impose constraints among the values of different job template 
attributes. However, a special mention is made here since it is very likely 
that a printer will support the OrientationRequested attribute for only a 
subset of the supported document formats. 

IPP Compatibility: The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested_javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested.PORTRAIT*

Class OrientationRequested is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that 
indicates the desired orientation for printed print-stream pages; it does not 
describe the orientation of the client-supplied print-stream pages. 

For some document formats (such as "application/postscript"), the desired 
orientation of the print-stream pages is specified within the document data. 
This information is generated by a device driver prior to the submission of the 
print job. Other document formats (such as "text/plain") do not include the 
notion of desired orientation within the document data. In the latter case it 
is possible for the printer to bind the desired orientation to the document 
data after it has been submitted. It is expected that a printer would only 
support the OrientationRequested attribute for some document formats (e.g., 
"text/plain" or "text/html") but not others (e.g. "application/postscript"). 
This is no different from any other job template attribute, since a print job 
can always impose constraints among the values of different job template 
attributes. However, a special mention is made here since it is very likely 
that a printer will support the OrientationRequested attribute for only a 
subset of the supported document formats. 

IPP Compatibility: The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested_javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested.REVERSE_LANDSCAPE*

Class OrientationRequested is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that 
indicates the desired orientation for printed print-stream pages; it does not 
describe the orientation of the client-supplied print-stream pages. 

For some document formats (such as "application/postscript"), the desired 
orientation of the print-stream pages is specified within the document data. 
This information is generated by a device driver prior to the submission of the 
print job. Other document formats (such as "text/plain") do not include the 
notion of desired orientation within the document data. In the latter case it 
is possible for the printer to bind the desired orientation to the document 
data after it has been submitted. It is expected that a printer would only 
support the OrientationRequested attribute for some document formats (e.g., 
"text/plain" or "text/html") but not others (e.g. "application/postscript"). 
This is no different from any other job template attribute, since a print job 
can always impose constraints among the values of different job template 
attributes. However, a special mention is made here since it is very likely 
that a printer will support the OrientationRequested attribute for only a 
subset of the supported document formats. 

IPP Compatibility: The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested_javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested.REVERSE_PORTRAIT*

Class OrientationRequested is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that 
indicates the desired orientation for printed print-stream pages; it does not 
describe the orientation of the client-supplied print-stream pages. 

For some document formats (such as "application/postscript"), the desired 
orientation of the print-stream pages is specified within the document data. 
This information is generated by a device driver prior to the submission of the 
print job. Other document formats (such as "text/plain") do not include the 
notion of desired orientation within the document data. In the latter case it 
is possible for the printer to bind the desired orientation to the document 
data after it has been submitted. It is expected that a printer would only 
support the OrientationRequested attribute for some document formats (e.g., 
"text/plain" or "text/html") but not others (e.g. "application/postscript"). 
This is no different from any other job template attribute, since a print job 
can always impose constraints among the values of different job template 
attributes. However, a special mention is made here since it is very likely 
that a printer will support the OrientationRequested attribute for only a 
subset of the supported document formats. 

IPP Compatibility: The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 



*javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested(int)*

protected OrientationRequested(int value)

Construct a new orientation requested enumeration value with the given integer 
value. 

    value - Integer value. 

*javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested.getCategory()*

public final |java.lang.Class| getCategory()

Get the printing attribute class which is to be used as the "category" for this 
printing attribute value. 

For class OrientationRequested, the category is class OrientationRequested 
itself. 


    Returns: Printing attribute class (category), an instance of class {@link 
             java.lang.Class java.lang.Class}. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested.getEnumValueTable()*

protected |javax.print.attribute.EnumSyntax| getEnumValueTable()

Returns the enumeration value table for class OrientationRequested. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested.getName()*

public final |java.lang.String| getName()

Get the name of the category of which this attribute value is an instance. 

For class OrientationRequested, the category name is "orientation-requested". 


    Returns: Attribute category name. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested.getOffset()*

protected int getOffset()

Returns the lowest integer value used by class OrientationRequested. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested.getStringTable()*

protected |java.lang.String| getStringTable()

Returns the string table for class OrientationRequested. 



