*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState* *AccessibleState* Class AccessibleState describes a component's particular state.

public class AccessibleState
  extends    |javax.accessibility.AccessibleBundle|

|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_Description|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_Fields|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_Constructors|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_Methods|

====================================================================================================================================================================================

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_Fields*
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.ACTIVE|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.ARMED|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.BUSY|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.CHECKED|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.COLLAPSED|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.EDITABLE|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.ENABLED|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.EXPANDABLE|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.EXPANDED|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.FOCUSABLE|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.FOCUSED|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.HORIZONTAL|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.ICONIFIED|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.INDETERMINATE|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.MANAGES_DESCENDANTS|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.MODAL|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.MULTI_LINE|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.MULTISELECTABLE|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.OPAQUE|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.PRESSED|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.RESIZABLE|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.SELECTABLE|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.SELECTED|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.SHOWING|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.SINGLE_LINE|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.TRANSIENT|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.TRUNCATED|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.VERTICAL|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.VISIBLE|

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_Constructors*
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleState(String)|Creates a new AccessibleState using the given locale independent key.

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_Description*

Class AccessibleState describes a component's particular state. The actual state of the component is defined as an AccessibleStateSet, which is a composed set of AccessibleStates. 
The toDisplayString method allows you to obtain the localized string for a locale independent key from a predefined ResourceBundle for the keys defined in this class. The 
constants in this class present a strongly typed enumeration of common object roles. A public constructor for this class has been purposely omitted and applications should use one 
of the constants from this class. If the constants in this class are not sufficient to describe the role of an object, a subclass should be generated from this class and it should 
provide constants in a similar manner. 



*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.ACTIVE*

Indicates a window is currently the active window. This includes windows, dialogs, frames, etc. In addition, this state is used to indicate the currently active child of a 
component such as a list, table, or tree. For example, the active child of a list is the child that is drawn with a rectangle around it. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.ARMED*

Indicates that the object is armed. This is usually used on buttons that have been pressed but not yet released, and the mouse pointer is still over the button. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.BUSY*

Indicates the current object is busy. This is usually used on objects such as progress bars, sliders, or scroll bars to indicate they are in a state of transition. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.CHECKED*

Indicates this object is currently checked. This is usually used on objects such as toggle buttons, radio buttons, and check boxes. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.COLLAPSED*

Indicates this object is collapsed. This is usually paired with the EXPANDABLE state and is used on objects that provide progressive disclosure such as trees. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.EDITABLE*

Indicates the user can change the contents of this object. This is usually used primarily for objects that allow the user to enter text. Other objects, such as scroll bars and 
sliders, are automatically editable if they are enabled. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.ENABLED*

Indicates this object is enabled. The absence of this state from an object's state set indicates this object is not enabled. An object that is not enabled cannot be manipulated by 
the user. In a graphical display, it is usually grayed out. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.EXPANDABLE*

Indicates this object allows progressive disclosure of its children. This is usually used with hierarchical objects such as trees and is often paired with the EXPANDED or 
COLLAPSED states. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.EXPANDED*

Indicates this object is expanded. This is usually paired with the EXPANDABLE state and is used on objects that provide progressive disclosure such as trees. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.FOCUSABLE*

Indicates this object can accept keyboard focus, which means all events resulting from typing on the keyboard will normally be passed to it when it has focus. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.FOCUSED*

Indicates this object currently has the keyboard focus. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.HORIZONTAL*

Indicates the orientation of this object is horizontal. This is usually associated with objects such as scrollbars, sliders, and progress bars. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.ICONIFIED*

Indicates this object is minimized and is represented only by an icon. This is usually only associated with frames and internal frames. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.INDETERMINATE*

Indicates that the object state is indeterminate. An example is selected text that is partially bold and partially not bold. In this case the attributes associated with the 
selected text are indeterminate. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.MANAGES_DESCENDANTS*

Indicates this object is responsible for managing its subcomponents. This is typically used for trees and tables that have a large number of subcomponents and where the objects 
are created only when needed and otherwise remain virtual. The application should not manage the subcomponents directly. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.MODAL*

Indicates something must be done with this object before the user can interact with an object in a different window. This is usually associated only with dialogs. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.MULTI_LINE*

Indicates this (text) object can contain multiple lines of text 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.MULTISELECTABLE*

Indicates this object allows more than one of its children to be selected at the same time. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.OPAQUE*

Indicates this object paints every pixel within its rectangular region. A non-opaque component paints only some of its pixels, allowing the pixels underneath it to "show through". 
A component that does not fully paint its pixels therefore provides a degree of transparency. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.PRESSED*

Indicates this object is currently pressed. This is usually associated with buttons and indicates the user has pressed a mouse button while the pointer was over the button and has 
not yet released the mouse button. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.RESIZABLE*

Indicates the size of this object is not fixed. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.SELECTABLE*

Indicates this object is the child of an object that allows its children to be selected, and that this child is one of those children that can be selected. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.SELECTED*

Indicates this object is the child of an object that allows its children to be selected, and that this child is one of those children that has been selected. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.SHOWING*

Indicates this object, the object's parent, the object's parent's parent, and so on, are all visible. Note that this does not necessarily mean the object is painted on the screen. 
It might be occluded by some other showing object. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.SINGLE_LINE*

Indicates this (text) object can contain only a single line of text 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.TRANSIENT*

Indicates this object is transient. An assistive technology should not add a PropertyChange listener to an object with transient state, as that object will never generate any 
events. Transient objects are typically created to answer Java Accessibility method queries, but otherwise do not remain linked to the underlying object (for example, those 
objects underneath lists, tables, and trees in Swing, where only one actual UI Component does shared rendering duty for all of the data objects underneath the actual 
list/table/tree elements). 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.TRUNCATED*

A state indicating that text is truncated by a bounding rectangle and that some of the text is not displayed on the screen. An example is text in a spreadsheet cell that is 
truncated by the bounds of the cell. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.VERTICAL*

Indicates the orientation of this object is vertical. This is usually associated with objects such as scrollbars, sliders, and progress bars. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState_javax.accessibility.AccessibleState.VISIBLE*

Indicates this object is visible. Note: this means that the object intends to be visible; however, it may not in fact be showing on the screen because one of the objects that this 
object is contained by is not visible. 



*javax.accessibility.AccessibleState(String)*

protected AccessibleState(java.lang.String key)

Creates a new AccessibleState using the given locale independent key. This should not be a public method. Instead, it is used to create the constants in this file to make it a 
strongly typed enumeration. Subclasses of this class should enforce similar policy. 

The key String should be a locale independent key for the state. It is not intended to be used as the actual String to display to the user. To get the localized string, use 
toDisplayString. 

    key - the locale independent name of the state. 

