*java.nio.charset.CoderResult* *CoderResult* A description of the result state o

public class CoderResult
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|java.nio.charset.CoderResult_Description|
|java.nio.charset.CoderResult_Fields|
|java.nio.charset.CoderResult_Constructors|
|java.nio.charset.CoderResult_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.nio.charset.CoderResult_Fields*
|java.nio.charset.CoderResult_java.nio.charset.CoderResult.OVERFLOW|
|java.nio.charset.CoderResult_java.nio.charset.CoderResult.UNDERFLOW|

*java.nio.charset.CoderResult_Methods*
|java.nio.charset.CoderResult.isError()|Tells whether or not this object descri
|java.nio.charset.CoderResult.isMalformed()|Tells whether or not this object de
|java.nio.charset.CoderResult.isOverflow()|Tells whether or not this object des
|java.nio.charset.CoderResult.isUnderflow()|Tells whether or not this object de
|java.nio.charset.CoderResult.isUnmappable()|Tells whether or not this object d
|java.nio.charset.CoderResult.length()|Returns the length of the erroneous inpu
|java.nio.charset.CoderResult.malformedForLength(int)|Static factory method tha
|java.nio.charset.CoderResult.throwException()|Throws an exception appropriate 
|java.nio.charset.CoderResult.toString()|Returns a string describing this coder
|java.nio.charset.CoderResult.unmappableForLength(int)|Static factory method th

*java.nio.charset.CoderResult_Description*

A description of the result state of a coder. 

A charset coder, that is, either a decoder or an encoder, consumes bytes (or 
characters) from an input buffer, translates them, and writes the resulting 
characters (or bytes) to an output buffer. A coding process terminates for one 
of four categories of reasons, which are described by instances of this class: 



Underflow is reported when there is no more input to be processed, or there is 
insufficient input and additional input is required. This condition is 
represented by the unique result object (|java.nio.charset.CoderResult|) , 
whose isUnderflow(|java.nio.charset.CoderResult|) method returns true. 

Overflow is reported when there is insufficient room remaining in the output 
buffer. This condition is represented by the unique result object 
(|java.nio.charset.CoderResult|) , whose 
isOverflow(|java.nio.charset.CoderResult|) method returns true. 

A malformed-input error is reported when a sequence of input units is not 
well-formed. Such errors are described by instances of this class whose 
isMalformed(|java.nio.charset.CoderResult|) method returns true and whose 
length(|java.nio.charset.CoderResult|) method returns the length of the 
malformed sequence. There is one unique instance of this class for all 
malformed-input errors of a given length. 

An unmappable-character error is reported when a sequence of input units 
denotes a character that cannot be represented in the output charset. Such 
errors are described by instances of this class whose 
isUnmappable(|java.nio.charset.CoderResult|) method returns true and whose 
length(|java.nio.charset.CoderResult|) method returns the length of the input 
sequence denoting the unmappable character. There is one unique instance of 
this class for all unmappable-character errors of a given length. 



For convenience, the isError(|java.nio.charset.CoderResult|) method returns 
true for result objects that describe malformed-input and unmappable-character 
errors but false for those that describe underflow or overflow conditions. 


*java.nio.charset.CoderResult_java.nio.charset.CoderResult.OVERFLOW*

A description of the result state of a coder. 

A charset coder, that is, either a decoder or an encoder, consumes bytes (or 
characters) from an input buffer, translates them, and writes the resulting 
characters (or bytes) to an output buffer. A coding process terminates for one 
of four categories of reasons, which are described by instances of this class: 



Underflow is reported when there is no more input to be processed, or there is 
insufficient input and additional input is required. This condition is 
represented by the unique result object (|java.nio.charset.CoderResult|) , 
whose isUnderflow(|java.nio.charset.CoderResult|) method returns true. 

Overflow is reported when there is insufficient room remaining in the output 
buffer. This condition is represented by the unique result object 
(|java.nio.charset.CoderResult|) , whose 
isOverflow(|java.nio.charset.CoderResult|) method returns true. 

A malformed-input error is reported when a sequence of input units is not 
well-formed. Such errors are described by instances of this class whose 
isMalformed(|java.nio.charset.CoderResult|) method returns true and whose 
length(|java.nio.charset.CoderResult|) method returns the length of the 
malformed sequence. There is one unique instance of this class for all 
malformed-input errors of a given length. 

An unmappable-character error is reported when a sequence of input units 
denotes a character that cannot be represented in the output charset. Such 
errors are described by instances of this class whose 
isUnmappable(|java.nio.charset.CoderResult|) method returns true and whose 
length(|java.nio.charset.CoderResult|) method returns the length of the input 
sequence denoting the unmappable character. There is one unique instance of 
this class for all unmappable-character errors of a given length. 



For convenience, the isError(|java.nio.charset.CoderResult|) method returns 
true for result objects that describe malformed-input and unmappable-character 
errors but false for those that describe underflow or overflow conditions. 


*java.nio.charset.CoderResult_java.nio.charset.CoderResult.UNDERFLOW*

A description of the result state of a coder. 

A charset coder, that is, either a decoder or an encoder, consumes bytes (or 
characters) from an input buffer, translates them, and writes the resulting 
characters (or bytes) to an output buffer. A coding process terminates for one 
of four categories of reasons, which are described by instances of this class: 



Underflow is reported when there is no more input to be processed, or there is 
insufficient input and additional input is required. This condition is 
represented by the unique result object (|java.nio.charset.CoderResult|) , 
whose isUnderflow(|java.nio.charset.CoderResult|) method returns true. 

Overflow is reported when there is insufficient room remaining in the output 
buffer. This condition is represented by the unique result object 
(|java.nio.charset.CoderResult|) , whose 
isOverflow(|java.nio.charset.CoderResult|) method returns true. 

A malformed-input error is reported when a sequence of input units is not 
well-formed. Such errors are described by instances of this class whose 
isMalformed(|java.nio.charset.CoderResult|) method returns true and whose 
length(|java.nio.charset.CoderResult|) method returns the length of the 
malformed sequence. There is one unique instance of this class for all 
malformed-input errors of a given length. 

An unmappable-character error is reported when a sequence of input units 
denotes a character that cannot be represented in the output charset. Such 
errors are described by instances of this class whose 
isUnmappable(|java.nio.charset.CoderResult|) method returns true and whose 
length(|java.nio.charset.CoderResult|) method returns the length of the input 
sequence denoting the unmappable character. There is one unique instance of 
this class for all unmappable-character errors of a given length. 



For convenience, the isError(|java.nio.charset.CoderResult|) method returns 
true for result objects that describe malformed-input and unmappable-character 
errors but false for those that describe underflow or overflow conditions. 



*java.nio.charset.CoderResult.isError()*

public boolean isError()

Tells whether or not this object describes an error condition. 


    Returns: true if, and only if, this object denotes either a malformed-input error or an 
             unmappable-character error 
*java.nio.charset.CoderResult.isMalformed()*

public boolean isMalformed()

Tells whether or not this object describes a malformed-input error. 


    Returns: true if, and only if, this object denotes a malformed-input error 
*java.nio.charset.CoderResult.isOverflow()*

public boolean isOverflow()

Tells whether or not this object describes an overflow condition. 


    Returns: true if, and only if, this object denotes overflow 
*java.nio.charset.CoderResult.isUnderflow()*

public boolean isUnderflow()

Tells whether or not this object describes an underflow condition. 


    Returns: true if, and only if, this object denotes underflow 
*java.nio.charset.CoderResult.isUnmappable()*

public boolean isUnmappable()

Tells whether or not this object describes an unmappable-character error. 


    Returns: true if, and only if, this object denotes an unmappable-character error 
*java.nio.charset.CoderResult.length()*

public int length()

Returns the length of the erroneous input described by this object(optional 
operation). 


    Returns: The length of the erroneous input, a positive integer 
*java.nio.charset.CoderResult.malformedForLength(int)*

public static |java.nio.charset.CoderResult| malformedForLength(int length)

Static factory method that returns the unique object describing a 
malformed-input error of the given length. 


    Returns: The requested coder-result object 
*java.nio.charset.CoderResult.throwException()*

public void throwException()
  throws |java.nio.charset.CharacterCodingException|
         
Throws an exception appropriate to the result described by this object. 


*java.nio.charset.CoderResult.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a string describing this coder result. 


    Returns: A descriptive string 
*java.nio.charset.CoderResult.unmappableForLength(int)*

public static |java.nio.charset.CoderResult| unmappableForLength(int length)

Static factory method that returns the unique result object describing an 
unmappable-character error of the given length. 


    Returns: The requested coder-result object 

