*javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported* *ReferenceUriSchemesSupported* 

public class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported
  extends    |javax.print.attribute.EnumSyntax|
  implements |javax.print.attribute.Attribute|

|javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported_Description|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported_Fields|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported_Constructors|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported_Fields*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported_javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported.FILE|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported_javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported.FTP|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported_javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported.GOPHER|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported_javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported.HTTP|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported_javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported.HTTPS|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported_javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported.NEWS|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported_javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported.NNTP|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported_javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported.WAIS|

*javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported_Constructors*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported(int)|Construct a n

*javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported_Methods*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported.getCategory()|Get 
|javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported.getEnumValueTable()|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported.getName()|Get the 
|javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported.getStringTable()|R

*javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported_Description*

Class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported is a printing attribute class an 
enumeration, that indicates a "URI scheme," such as "http:" or "ftp:", that a 
printer can use to retrieve print data stored at a URI location. If a printer 
supports doc flavors with a print data representation class of "java.net.URL", 
the printer uses instances of class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported to advertise 
the URI schemes it can accept. The acceptable URI schemes are included as 
service attributes in the lookup service; this lets clients search the for 
printers that can get print data using a certain URI scheme. The acceptable URI 
schemes can also be queried using the capability methods in interface 
PrintService. However, ReferenceUriSchemesSupported attributes are used solely 
for determining acceptable URI schemes, they are never included in a doc's, 
print request's, print job's, or print service's attribute set. 

The Internet Assigned Numbers Authority maintains the official list of URI 
schemes. 

Class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported defines enumeration values for widely used 
URI schemes. A printer that supports additional URI schemes can define them in 
a subclass of class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported. 

IPP Compatibility: The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported_javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported.FILE*

Class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported is a printing attribute class an 
enumeration, that indicates a "URI scheme," such as "http:" or "ftp:", that a 
printer can use to retrieve print data stored at a URI location. If a printer 
supports doc flavors with a print data representation class of "java.net.URL", 
the printer uses instances of class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported to advertise 
the URI schemes it can accept. The acceptable URI schemes are included as 
service attributes in the lookup service; this lets clients search the for 
printers that can get print data using a certain URI scheme. The acceptable URI 
schemes can also be queried using the capability methods in interface 
PrintService. However, ReferenceUriSchemesSupported attributes are used solely 
for determining acceptable URI schemes, they are never included in a doc's, 
print request's, print job's, or print service's attribute set. 

The Internet Assigned Numbers Authority maintains the official list of URI 
schemes. 

Class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported defines enumeration values for widely used 
URI schemes. A printer that supports additional URI schemes can define them in 
a subclass of class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported. 

IPP Compatibility: The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported_javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported.FTP*

Class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported is a printing attribute class an 
enumeration, that indicates a "URI scheme," such as "http:" or "ftp:", that a 
printer can use to retrieve print data stored at a URI location. If a printer 
supports doc flavors with a print data representation class of "java.net.URL", 
the printer uses instances of class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported to advertise 
the URI schemes it can accept. The acceptable URI schemes are included as 
service attributes in the lookup service; this lets clients search the for 
printers that can get print data using a certain URI scheme. The acceptable URI 
schemes can also be queried using the capability methods in interface 
PrintService. However, ReferenceUriSchemesSupported attributes are used solely 
for determining acceptable URI schemes, they are never included in a doc's, 
print request's, print job's, or print service's attribute set. 

The Internet Assigned Numbers Authority maintains the official list of URI 
schemes. 

Class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported defines enumeration values for widely used 
URI schemes. A printer that supports additional URI schemes can define them in 
a subclass of class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported. 

IPP Compatibility: The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported_javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported.GOPHER*

Class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported is a printing attribute class an 
enumeration, that indicates a "URI scheme," such as "http:" or "ftp:", that a 
printer can use to retrieve print data stored at a URI location. If a printer 
supports doc flavors with a print data representation class of "java.net.URL", 
the printer uses instances of class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported to advertise 
the URI schemes it can accept. The acceptable URI schemes are included as 
service attributes in the lookup service; this lets clients search the for 
printers that can get print data using a certain URI scheme. The acceptable URI 
schemes can also be queried using the capability methods in interface 
PrintService. However, ReferenceUriSchemesSupported attributes are used solely 
for determining acceptable URI schemes, they are never included in a doc's, 
print request's, print job's, or print service's attribute set. 

The Internet Assigned Numbers Authority maintains the official list of URI 
schemes. 

Class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported defines enumeration values for widely used 
URI schemes. A printer that supports additional URI schemes can define them in 
a subclass of class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported. 

IPP Compatibility: The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported_javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported.HTTP*

Class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported is a printing attribute class an 
enumeration, that indicates a "URI scheme," such as "http:" or "ftp:", that a 
printer can use to retrieve print data stored at a URI location. If a printer 
supports doc flavors with a print data representation class of "java.net.URL", 
the printer uses instances of class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported to advertise 
the URI schemes it can accept. The acceptable URI schemes are included as 
service attributes in the lookup service; this lets clients search the for 
printers that can get print data using a certain URI scheme. The acceptable URI 
schemes can also be queried using the capability methods in interface 
PrintService. However, ReferenceUriSchemesSupported attributes are used solely 
for determining acceptable URI schemes, they are never included in a doc's, 
print request's, print job's, or print service's attribute set. 

The Internet Assigned Numbers Authority maintains the official list of URI 
schemes. 

Class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported defines enumeration values for widely used 
URI schemes. A printer that supports additional URI schemes can define them in 
a subclass of class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported. 

IPP Compatibility: The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported_javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported.HTTPS*

Class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported is a printing attribute class an 
enumeration, that indicates a "URI scheme," such as "http:" or "ftp:", that a 
printer can use to retrieve print data stored at a URI location. If a printer 
supports doc flavors with a print data representation class of "java.net.URL", 
the printer uses instances of class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported to advertise 
the URI schemes it can accept. The acceptable URI schemes are included as 
service attributes in the lookup service; this lets clients search the for 
printers that can get print data using a certain URI scheme. The acceptable URI 
schemes can also be queried using the capability methods in interface 
PrintService. However, ReferenceUriSchemesSupported attributes are used solely 
for determining acceptable URI schemes, they are never included in a doc's, 
print request's, print job's, or print service's attribute set. 

The Internet Assigned Numbers Authority maintains the official list of URI 
schemes. 

Class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported defines enumeration values for widely used 
URI schemes. A printer that supports additional URI schemes can define them in 
a subclass of class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported. 

IPP Compatibility: The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported_javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported.NEWS*

Class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported is a printing attribute class an 
enumeration, that indicates a "URI scheme," such as "http:" or "ftp:", that a 
printer can use to retrieve print data stored at a URI location. If a printer 
supports doc flavors with a print data representation class of "java.net.URL", 
the printer uses instances of class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported to advertise 
the URI schemes it can accept. The acceptable URI schemes are included as 
service attributes in the lookup service; this lets clients search the for 
printers that can get print data using a certain URI scheme. The acceptable URI 
schemes can also be queried using the capability methods in interface 
PrintService. However, ReferenceUriSchemesSupported attributes are used solely 
for determining acceptable URI schemes, they are never included in a doc's, 
print request's, print job's, or print service's attribute set. 

The Internet Assigned Numbers Authority maintains the official list of URI 
schemes. 

Class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported defines enumeration values for widely used 
URI schemes. A printer that supports additional URI schemes can define them in 
a subclass of class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported. 

IPP Compatibility: The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported_javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported.NNTP*

Class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported is a printing attribute class an 
enumeration, that indicates a "URI scheme," such as "http:" or "ftp:", that a 
printer can use to retrieve print data stored at a URI location. If a printer 
supports doc flavors with a print data representation class of "java.net.URL", 
the printer uses instances of class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported to advertise 
the URI schemes it can accept. The acceptable URI schemes are included as 
service attributes in the lookup service; this lets clients search the for 
printers that can get print data using a certain URI scheme. The acceptable URI 
schemes can also be queried using the capability methods in interface 
PrintService. However, ReferenceUriSchemesSupported attributes are used solely 
for determining acceptable URI schemes, they are never included in a doc's, 
print request's, print job's, or print service's attribute set. 

The Internet Assigned Numbers Authority maintains the official list of URI 
schemes. 

Class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported defines enumeration values for widely used 
URI schemes. A printer that supports additional URI schemes can define them in 
a subclass of class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported. 

IPP Compatibility: The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported_javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported.WAIS*

Class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported is a printing attribute class an 
enumeration, that indicates a "URI scheme," such as "http:" or "ftp:", that a 
printer can use to retrieve print data stored at a URI location. If a printer 
supports doc flavors with a print data representation class of "java.net.URL", 
the printer uses instances of class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported to advertise 
the URI schemes it can accept. The acceptable URI schemes are included as 
service attributes in the lookup service; this lets clients search the for 
printers that can get print data using a certain URI scheme. The acceptable URI 
schemes can also be queried using the capability methods in interface 
PrintService. However, ReferenceUriSchemesSupported attributes are used solely 
for determining acceptable URI schemes, they are never included in a doc's, 
print request's, print job's, or print service's attribute set. 

The Internet Assigned Numbers Authority maintains the official list of URI 
schemes. 

Class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported defines enumeration values for widely used 
URI schemes. A printer that supports additional URI schemes can define them in 
a subclass of class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported. 

IPP Compatibility: The category name returned by getName() is the IPP attribute 
name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The toString() 
method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 



*javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported(int)*

protected ReferenceUriSchemesSupported(int value)

Construct a new reference URI scheme enumeration value with the given integer 
value. 

    value - Integer value. 

*javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported.getCategory()*

public final |java.lang.Class| getCategory()

Get the printing attribute class which is to be used as the "category" for this 
printing attribute value. 

For class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported and any vendor-defined subclasses, the 
category is class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported itself. 


    Returns: Printing attribute class (category), an instance of class {@link 
             java.lang.Class java.lang.Class}. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported.getEnumValueTable()*

protected |javax.print.attribute.EnumSyntax| getEnumValueTable()

Returns the enumeration value table for class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported.getName()*

public final |java.lang.String| getName()

Get the name of the category of which this attribute value is an instance. 

For class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported and any vendor-defined subclasses, the 
category name is "reference-uri-schemes-supported". 


    Returns: Attribute category name. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.ReferenceUriSchemesSupported.getStringTable()*

protected |java.lang.String| getStringTable()

Returns the string table for class ReferenceUriSchemesSupported. 



