*javax.sql.rowset.RowSetWarning* *RowSetWarning* An extension of SQLException th

public class RowSetWarning
  extends    |java.sql.SQLException|

|javax.sql.rowset.RowSetWarning_Description|
|javax.sql.rowset.RowSetWarning_Fields|
|javax.sql.rowset.RowSetWarning_Constructors|
|javax.sql.rowset.RowSetWarning_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.sql.rowset.RowSetWarning_Constructors*
|javax.sql.rowset.RowSetWarning()|Constructs a default RowSetWarning object.
|javax.sql.rowset.RowSetWarning(String)|Constructs a RowSetWarning object  with
|javax.sql.rowset.RowSetWarning(String,String)|Constructs a RowSetWarning objec
|javax.sql.rowset.RowSetWarning(String,String,int)|Constructs a fully specified

*javax.sql.rowset.RowSetWarning_Methods*
|javax.sql.rowset.RowSetWarning.getNextWarning()|Retrieves the warning chained 
|javax.sql.rowset.RowSetWarning.setNextWarning(RowSetWarning)|Sets warning as t

*javax.sql.rowset.RowSetWarning_Description*

An extension of SQLException that provides information about database warnings 
set on RowSet objects. Warnings are silently chained to the object whose method 
call caused it to be reported. This class complements the SQLWarning class. 

Rowset warnings may be retrieved from JdbcRowSet, CachedRowSetTM, WebRowSet, 
FilteredRowSet, or JoinRowSet implementations. To retrieve the first warning 
reported on any RowSet implementation, use the method getRowSetWarnings defined 
in the JdbcRowSet interface or the CachedRowSet interface. To retrieve a 
warning chained to the first warning, use the RowSetWarning method 
getNextWarning. To retrieve subsequent warnings, call getNextWarning on each 
RowSetWarning object that is returned. 

The inherited methods getMessage, getSQLState, and getErrorCode retrieve 
information contained in a RowSetWarning object. 


*javax.sql.rowset.RowSetWarning()*

public RowSetWarning()

Constructs a default RowSetWarning object. The reason defaults to null, 
SQLState defaults to null and vendorCode defaults to 0. 


*javax.sql.rowset.RowSetWarning(String)*

public RowSetWarning(java.lang.String reason)

Constructs a RowSetWarning object with the given value for the reason; SQLState 
defaults to null, and vendorCode defaults to 0. 

    reason - a String object giving a description of the warning; if the String is null, 
       this constructor behaves like the default (zero parameter) RowSetWarning 
       constructor 

*javax.sql.rowset.RowSetWarning(String,String)*

public RowSetWarning(
  java.lang.String reason,
  java.lang.String SQLState)

Constructs a RowSetWarning object initialized with the given values for the 
reason and SQLState. The vendor code defaults to 0. 

If the reason or SQLState parameters are null, this constructor behaves like 
the default (zero parameter) RowSetWarning constructor. 

    reason - a String giving a description of the warning; 
    SQLState - an XOPEN code identifying the warning; if a non standard XOPEN SQLState is 
       supplied, no exception is thrown. 

*javax.sql.rowset.RowSetWarning(String,String,int)*

public RowSetWarning(
  java.lang.String reason,
  java.lang.String SQLState,
  int vendorCode)

Constructs a fully specified RowSetWarning object initialized with the given 
values for the reason, SQLState and vendorCode. 

If the reason, or the SQLState parameters are null, this constructor behaves 
like the default (zero parameter) RowSetWarning constructor. 

    reason - a String giving a description of the warning; 
    SQLState - an XOPEN code identifying the warning; if a non standard XPOEN SQLState is 
       supplied, no exception is thrown. 
    vendorCode - a database vendor-specific warning code 

*javax.sql.rowset.RowSetWarning.getNextWarning()*

public |javax.sql.rowset.RowSetWarning| getNextWarning()

Retrieves the warning chained to this RowSetWarning object. 


    Returns: the RowSetWarning object chained to this one; if no RowSetWarning object is 
             chained to this one, null is returned (default value) 
*javax.sql.rowset.RowSetWarning.setNextWarning(RowSetWarning)*

public void setNextWarning(javax.sql.rowset.RowSetWarning warning)

Sets warning as the next warning, that is, the warning chained to this 
RowSetWarning object. 

    warning - the RowSetWarning object to be set as the next warning; if the RowSetWarning is 
       null, this represents the finish point in the warning chain 


