*java.awt.Insets* *Insets* An Insets object is a representation of the borders 


public class Insets
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |java.lang.Cloneable|
             |java.io.Serializable|

|java.awt.Insets_Description|
|java.awt.Insets_Fields|
|java.awt.Insets_Constructors|
|java.awt.Insets_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.awt.Insets_Fields*
|int_java.awt.Insets.bottom|
|int_java.awt.Insets.left|
|int_java.awt.Insets.right|
|int_java.awt.Insets.top|

*java.awt.Insets_Constructors*
|java.awt.Insets(int,int,int,int)|Creates and initializes a new Insets object w

*java.awt.Insets_Methods*
|java.awt.Insets.clone()|Create a copy of this object.
|java.awt.Insets.equals(Object)|Checks whether two insets objects are equal.
|java.awt.Insets.hashCode()|Returns the hash code for this Insets.
|java.awt.Insets.set(int,int,int,int)|Set top, left, bottom, and right to the s
|java.awt.Insets.toString()|Returns a string representation of this Insets obje

*java.awt.Insets_Description*

An Insets object is a representation of the borders of a container. It 
specifies the space that a container must leave at each of its edges. The space 
can be a border, a blank space, or a title. 


*int_java.awt.Insets.bottom*

An Insets object is a representation of the borders of a container. It 
specifies the space that a container must leave at each of its edges. The space 
can be a border, a blank space, or a title. 


*int_java.awt.Insets.left*

An Insets object is a representation of the borders of a container. It 
specifies the space that a container must leave at each of its edges. The space 
can be a border, a blank space, or a title. 


*int_java.awt.Insets.right*

An Insets object is a representation of the borders of a container. It 
specifies the space that a container must leave at each of its edges. The space 
can be a border, a blank space, or a title. 


*int_java.awt.Insets.top*

An Insets object is a representation of the borders of a container. It 
specifies the space that a container must leave at each of its edges. The space 
can be a border, a blank space, or a title. 



*java.awt.Insets(int,int,int,int)*

public Insets(
  int top,
  int left,
  int bottom,
  int right)

Creates and initializes a new Insets object with the specified top, left, 
bottom, and right insets. 

    top - the inset from the top. 
    left - the inset from the left. 
    bottom - the inset from the bottom. 
    right - the inset from the right. 

*java.awt.Insets.clone()*

public |java.lang.Object| clone()

Create a copy of this object. 


    Returns: a copy of this Insets object. 
*java.awt.Insets.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object obj)

Checks whether two insets objects are equal. Two instances of Insets are equal 
if the four integer values of the fields top, left, bottom, and right are all 
equal. 


    Returns: true if the two insets are equal; otherwise false. 
*java.awt.Insets.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()

Returns the hash code for this Insets. 


    Returns: a hash code for this Insets. 
*java.awt.Insets.set(int,int,int,int)*

public void set(
  int top,
  int left,
  int bottom,
  int right)

Set top, left, bottom, and right to the specified values 

    top - the inset from the top. 
    left - the inset from the left. 
    bottom - the inset from the bottom. 
    right - the inset from the right. 

*java.awt.Insets.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a string representation of this Insets object. This method is intended 
to be used only for debugging purposes, and the content and format of the 
returned string may vary between implementations. The returned string may be 
empty but may not be null. 


    Returns: a string representation of this Insets object. 

