*javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList* *AttributeList* This class defines 

public final class AttributeList
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |javax.swing.text.html.parser.DTDConstants|
             |java.io.Serializable|

|javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList_Description|
|javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList_Fields|
|javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList_Constructors|
|javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList_Fields*
|int_javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList.modifier|
|java.lang.String_javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList.name|
|javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList_javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList.next|
|int_javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList.type|
|java.lang.String_javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList.value|
|java.util.Vector_javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList.values|

*javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList_Constructors*
|javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList(String)|Create an attribute list el
|javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList(String,int,int,String,Vector,AttributeList)|

*javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList_Methods*
|javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList.getModifier()|
|javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList.getName()|
|javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList.getNext()|
|javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList.getType()|
|javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList.getValue()|
|javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList.getValues()|
|javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList.name2type(String)|
|javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList.toString()|
|javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList.type2name(int)|

*javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList_Description*

This class defines the attributes of an SGML element as described in a DTD 
using the ATTLIST construct. An AttributeList can be obtained from the Element 
class using the getAttributes() method. 

It is actually an element in a linked list. Use the getNext() method repeatedly 
to enumerate all the attributes of an element. 


*int_javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList.modifier*

This class defines the attributes of an SGML element as described in a DTD 
using the ATTLIST construct. An AttributeList can be obtained from the Element 
class using the getAttributes() method. 

It is actually an element in a linked list. Use the getNext() method repeatedly 
to enumerate all the attributes of an element. 


*java.lang.String_javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList.name*

This class defines the attributes of an SGML element as described in a DTD 
using the ATTLIST construct. An AttributeList can be obtained from the Element 
class using the getAttributes() method. 

It is actually an element in a linked list. Use the getNext() method repeatedly 
to enumerate all the attributes of an element. 


*javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList_javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList.next*

This class defines the attributes of an SGML element as described in a DTD 
using the ATTLIST construct. An AttributeList can be obtained from the Element 
class using the getAttributes() method. 

It is actually an element in a linked list. Use the getNext() method repeatedly 
to enumerate all the attributes of an element. 


*int_javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList.type*

This class defines the attributes of an SGML element as described in a DTD 
using the ATTLIST construct. An AttributeList can be obtained from the Element 
class using the getAttributes() method. 

It is actually an element in a linked list. Use the getNext() method repeatedly 
to enumerate all the attributes of an element. 


*java.lang.String_javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList.value*

This class defines the attributes of an SGML element as described in a DTD 
using the ATTLIST construct. An AttributeList can be obtained from the Element 
class using the getAttributes() method. 

It is actually an element in a linked list. Use the getNext() method repeatedly 
to enumerate all the attributes of an element. 


*java.util.Vector_javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList.values*

This class defines the attributes of an SGML element as described in a DTD 
using the ATTLIST construct. An AttributeList can be obtained from the Element 
class using the getAttributes() method. 

It is actually an element in a linked list. Use the getNext() method repeatedly 
to enumerate all the attributes of an element. 



*javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList(String)*

public AttributeList(java.lang.String name)

Create an attribute list element. 


*javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList(String,int,int,String,Vector,AttributeList)*

public AttributeList(
  java.lang.String name,
  int type,
  int modifier,
  java.lang.String value,
  java.util.Vector values,
  javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList next)

Create an attribute list element. 


*javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList.getModifier()*

public int getModifier()




    Returns: attribute modifier 
*javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList.getName()*

public |java.lang.String| getName()




    Returns: attribute name 
*javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList.getNext()*

public |javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList| getNext()




    Returns: the next attribute in the list 
*javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList.getType()*

public int getType()




    Returns: attribute type 
*javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList.getValue()*

public |java.lang.String| getValue()




    Returns: default attribute value 
*javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList.getValues()*

public |java.util.Enumeration| getValues()




    Returns: possible attribute values 
*javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList.name2type(String)*

public static int name2type(java.lang.String nm)




*javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()




    Returns: string representation 
*javax.swing.text.html.parser.AttributeList.type2name(int)*

public static |java.lang.String| type2name(int tp)





