*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock* *Character.UnicodeBlock* A family of characte

public static final class Character.UnicodeBlock
  extends    |java.lang.Character.Subset|

|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_Description|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_Fields|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_Constructors|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_Fields*
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.AEGEAN_NUMBERS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.ALPHABETIC_PRESENTATION_FORMS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.ARABIC|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.ARABIC_PRESENTATION_FORMS_A|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.ARABIC_PRESENTATION_FORMS_B|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.ARMENIAN|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.ARROWS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.BASIC_LATIN|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.BENGALI|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.BLOCK_ELEMENTS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.BOPOMOFO|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.BOPOMOFO_EXTENDED|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.BOX_DRAWING|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.BRAILLE_PATTERNS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.BUHID|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.BYZANTINE_MUSICAL_SYMBOLS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.CHEROKEE|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.CJK_COMPATIBILITY|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.CJK_COMPATIBILITY_FORMS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.CJK_COMPATIBILITY_IDEOGRAPHS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.CJK_COMPATIBILITY_IDEOGRAPHS_SUPPLEMENT|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.CJK_RADICALS_SUPPLEMENT|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.CJK_SYMBOLS_AND_PUNCTUATION|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.CJK_UNIFIED_IDEOGRAPHS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.CJK_UNIFIED_IDEOGRAPHS_EXTENSION_A|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.CJK_UNIFIED_IDEOGRAPHS_EXTENSION_B|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.COMBINING_DIACRITICAL_MARKS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.COMBINING_HALF_MARKS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.COMBINING_MARKS_FOR_SYMBOLS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.CONTROL_PICTURES|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.CURRENCY_SYMBOLS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.CYPRIOT_SYLLABARY|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.CYRILLIC|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.CYRILLIC_SUPPLEMENTARY|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.DESERET|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.DEVANAGARI|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.DINGBATS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.ENCLOSED_ALPHANUMERICS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.ENCLOSED_CJK_LETTERS_AND_MONTHS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.ETHIOPIC|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.GENERAL_PUNCTUATION|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.GEOMETRIC_SHAPES|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.GEORGIAN|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.GOTHIC|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.GREEK|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.GREEK_EXTENDED|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.GUJARATI|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.GURMUKHI|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.HALFWIDTH_AND_FULLWIDTH_FORMS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.HANGUL_COMPATIBILITY_JAMO|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.HANGUL_JAMO|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.HANGUL_SYLLABLES|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.HANUNOO|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.HEBREW|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.HIGH_PRIVATE_USE_SURROGATES|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.HIGH_SURROGATES|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.HIRAGANA|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.IDEOGRAPHIC_DESCRIPTION_CHARACTERS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.IPA_EXTENSIONS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.KANBUN|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.KANGXI_RADICALS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.KANNADA|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.KATAKANA|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.KATAKANA_PHONETIC_EXTENSIONS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.KHMER|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.KHMER_SYMBOLS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.LAO|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.LATIN_1_SUPPLEMENT|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.LATIN_EXTENDED_A|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.LATIN_EXTENDED_ADDITIONAL|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.LATIN_EXTENDED_B|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.LETTERLIKE_SYMBOLS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.LIMBU|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.LINEAR_B_IDEOGRAMS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.LINEAR_B_SYLLABARY|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.LOW_SURROGATES|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.MALAYALAM|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.MATHEMATICAL_ALPHANUMERIC_SYMBOLS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.MATHEMATICAL_OPERATORS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.MISCELLANEOUS_MATHEMATICAL_SYMBOLS_A|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.MISCELLANEOUS_MATHEMATICAL_SYMBOLS_B|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.MISCELLANEOUS_SYMBOLS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.MISCELLANEOUS_SYMBOLS_AND_ARROWS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.MISCELLANEOUS_TECHNICAL|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.MONGOLIAN|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.MUSICAL_SYMBOLS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.MYANMAR|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.NUMBER_FORMS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.OGHAM|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.OLD_ITALIC|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.OPTICAL_CHARACTER_RECOGNITION|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.ORIYA|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.OSMANYA|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.PHONETIC_EXTENSIONS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.PRIVATE_USE_AREA|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.RUNIC|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.SHAVIAN|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.SINHALA|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.SMALL_FORM_VARIANTS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.SPACING_MODIFIER_LETTERS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.SPECIALS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.SUPERSCRIPTS_AND_SUBSCRIPTS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.SUPPLEMENTAL_ARROWS_A|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.SUPPLEMENTAL_ARROWS_B|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.SUPPLEMENTAL_MATHEMATICAL_OPERATORS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.SUPPLEMENTARY_PRIVATE_USE_AREA_A|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.SUPPLEMENTARY_PRIVATE_USE_AREA_B|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.SURROGATES_AREA|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.SYRIAC|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.TAGALOG|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.TAGBANWA|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.TAGS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.TAI_LE|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.TAI_XUAN_JING_SYMBOLS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.TAMIL|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.TELUGU|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.THAANA|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.THAI|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.TIBETAN|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.UGARITIC|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.UNIFIED_CANADIAN_ABORIGINAL_SYLLABICS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.VARIATION_SELECTORS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.VARIATION_SELECTORS_SUPPLEMENT|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.YI_RADICALS|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.YI_SYLLABLES|
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.YIJING_HEXAGRAM_SYMBOLS|

*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_Methods*
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.forName(String)|Returns the UnicodeBlock with
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.of(char)|Returns the object representing the 
|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.of(int)|Returns the object representing the U

*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_Description*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.AEGEAN_NUMBERS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.ALPHABETIC_PRESENTATION_FORMS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.ARABIC*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.ARABIC_PRESENTATION_FORMS_A*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.ARABIC_PRESENTATION_FORMS_B*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.ARMENIAN*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.ARROWS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.BASIC_LATIN*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.BENGALI*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.BLOCK_ELEMENTS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.BOPOMOFO*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.BOPOMOFO_EXTENDED*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.BOX_DRAWING*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.BRAILLE_PATTERNS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.BUHID*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.BYZANTINE_MUSICAL_SYMBOLS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.CHEROKEE*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.CJK_COMPATIBILITY*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.CJK_COMPATIBILITY_FORMS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.CJK_COMPATIBILITY_IDEOGRAPHS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.CJK_COMPATIBILITY_IDEOGRAPHS_SUPPLEMENT*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.CJK_RADICALS_SUPPLEMENT*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.CJK_SYMBOLS_AND_PUNCTUATION*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.CJK_UNIFIED_IDEOGRAPHS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.CJK_UNIFIED_IDEOGRAPHS_EXTENSION_A*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.CJK_UNIFIED_IDEOGRAPHS_EXTENSION_B*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.COMBINING_DIACRITICAL_MARKS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.COMBINING_HALF_MARKS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.COMBINING_MARKS_FOR_SYMBOLS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.CONTROL_PICTURES*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.CURRENCY_SYMBOLS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.CYPRIOT_SYLLABARY*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.CYRILLIC*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.CYRILLIC_SUPPLEMENTARY*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.DESERET*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.DEVANAGARI*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.DINGBATS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.ENCLOSED_ALPHANUMERICS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.ENCLOSED_CJK_LETTERS_AND_MONTHS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.ETHIOPIC*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.GENERAL_PUNCTUATION*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.GEOMETRIC_SHAPES*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.GEORGIAN*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.GOTHIC*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.GREEK*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.GREEK_EXTENDED*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.GUJARATI*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.GURMUKHI*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.HALFWIDTH_AND_FULLWIDTH_FORMS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.HANGUL_COMPATIBILITY_JAMO*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.HANGUL_JAMO*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.HANGUL_SYLLABLES*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.HANUNOO*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.HEBREW*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.HIGH_PRIVATE_USE_SURROGATES*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.HIGH_SURROGATES*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.HIRAGANA*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.IDEOGRAPHIC_DESCRIPTION_CHARACTERS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.IPA_EXTENSIONS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.KANBUN*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.KANGXI_RADICALS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.KANNADA*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.KATAKANA*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.KATAKANA_PHONETIC_EXTENSIONS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.KHMER*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.KHMER_SYMBOLS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.LAO*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.LATIN_1_SUPPLEMENT*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.LATIN_EXTENDED_A*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.LATIN_EXTENDED_ADDITIONAL*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.LATIN_EXTENDED_B*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.LETTERLIKE_SYMBOLS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.LIMBU*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.LINEAR_B_IDEOGRAMS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.LINEAR_B_SYLLABARY*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.LOW_SURROGATES*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.MALAYALAM*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.MATHEMATICAL_ALPHANUMERIC_SYMBOLS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.MATHEMATICAL_OPERATORS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.MISCELLANEOUS_MATHEMATICAL_SYMBOLS_A*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.MISCELLANEOUS_MATHEMATICAL_SYMBOLS_B*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.MISCELLANEOUS_SYMBOLS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.MISCELLANEOUS_SYMBOLS_AND_ARROWS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.MISCELLANEOUS_TECHNICAL*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.MONGOLIAN*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.MUSICAL_SYMBOLS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.MYANMAR*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.NUMBER_FORMS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.OGHAM*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.OLD_ITALIC*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.OPTICAL_CHARACTER_RECOGNITION*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.ORIYA*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.OSMANYA*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.PHONETIC_EXTENSIONS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.PRIVATE_USE_AREA*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.RUNIC*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.SHAVIAN*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.SINHALA*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.SMALL_FORM_VARIANTS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.SPACING_MODIFIER_LETTERS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.SPECIALS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.SUPERSCRIPTS_AND_SUBSCRIPTS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.SUPPLEMENTAL_ARROWS_A*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.SUPPLEMENTAL_ARROWS_B*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.SUPPLEMENTAL_MATHEMATICAL_OPERATORS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.SUPPLEMENTARY_PRIVATE_USE_AREA_A*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.SUPPLEMENTARY_PRIVATE_USE_AREA_B*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.SURROGATES_AREA*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.SYRIAC*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.TAGALOG*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.TAGBANWA*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.TAGS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.TAI_LE*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.TAI_XUAN_JING_SYMBOLS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.TAMIL*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.TELUGU*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.THAANA*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.THAI*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.TIBETAN*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.UGARITIC*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.UNIFIED_CANADIAN_ABORIGINAL_SYLLABICS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.VARIATION_SELECTORS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.VARIATION_SELECTORS_SUPPLEMENT*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.YI_RADICALS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.YI_SYLLABLES*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 


*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock_java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.YIJING_HEXAGRAM_SYMBOLS*

A family of character subsets representing the character blocks in the Unicode 
specification. Character blocks generally define characters used for a specific 
script or purpose. A character is contained by at most one Unicode block. 



*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.forName(String)*

public static final |java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock| forName(java.lang.String blockName)

Returns the UnicodeBlock with the given name. Block names are determined by The 
Unicode Standard. The file Blocks-<version>.txt defines blocks for a particular 
version of the standard. The (|java.lang.Character|) class specifies the 
version of the standard that it supports. 

This method accepts block names in the following forms: 

Canonical block names as defined by the Unicode Standard. For example, the 
standard defines a "Basic Latin" block. Therefore, this method accepts "Basic 
Latin" as a valid block name. The documentation of each UnicodeBlock provides 
the canonical name. Canonical block names with all spaces removed. For example, 
"BasicLatin" is a valid block name for the "Basic Latin" block. The text 
representation of each constant UnicodeBlock identifier. For example, this 
method will return the (|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock|) block if provided 
with the "BASIC_LATIN" name. This form replaces all spaces and hyphens in the 
canonical name with underscores. 

Finally, character case is ignored for all of the valid block name forms. For 
example, "BASIC_LATIN" and "basic_latin" are both valid block names. The en_US 
locale's case mapping rules are used to provide case-insensitive string 
comparisons for block name validation. 

If the Unicode Standard changes block names, both the previous and current 
names will be accepted. 

    blockName - A UnicodeBlock name. 

    Returns: The UnicodeBlock instance identified by blockName 
*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.of(char)*

public static |java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock| of(char c)

Returns the object representing the Unicode block containing the given 
character, or null if the character is not a member of a defined block. 

Note: This method cannot handle supplementary characters. To support all 
Unicode characters, including supplementary characters, use the 
(|java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock|) method. 

    c - The character in question 

    Returns: The UnicodeBlock instance representing the Unicode block of which this 
             character is a member, or null if the character is not a member of 
             any Unicode block 
*java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock.of(int)*

public static |java.lang.Character.UnicodeBlock| of(int codePoint)

Returns the object representing the Unicode block containing the given 
character (Unicode code point), or null if the character is not a member of a 
defined block. 

    codePoint - the character (Unicode code point) in question. 

    Returns: The UnicodeBlock instance representing the Unicode block of which this 
             character is a member, or null if the character is not a member of 
             any Unicode block 

