*javax.print.attribute.standard.Fidelity* *Fidelity* Class Fidelity is a printin

public final class Fidelity
  extends    |javax.print.attribute.EnumSyntax|
  implements |javax.print.attribute.PrintJobAttribute|
             |javax.print.attribute.PrintRequestAttribute|

|javax.print.attribute.standard.Fidelity_Description|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Fidelity_Fields|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Fidelity_Constructors|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Fidelity_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.print.attribute.standard.Fidelity_Fields*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Fidelity_javax.print.attribute.standard.Fidelity.FIDELITY_FALSE|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Fidelity_javax.print.attribute.standard.Fidelity.FIDELITY_TRUE|

*javax.print.attribute.standard.Fidelity_Constructors*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Fidelity(int)|Construct a new fidelity enumerat

*javax.print.attribute.standard.Fidelity_Methods*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Fidelity.getCategory()|Get the printing attribu
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Fidelity.getEnumValueTable()|Returns the enumer
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Fidelity.getName()|Get the name of the category
|javax.print.attribute.standard.Fidelity.getStringTable()|Returns the string ta

*javax.print.attribute.standard.Fidelity_Description*

Class Fidelity is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that indicates 
whether total fidelity to client supplied print request attributes is required. 
If FIDELITY_TRUE is specified and a service cannot print the job exactly as 
specified it must reject the job. If FIDELITY_FALSE is specified a reasonable 
attempt to print the job is acceptable. If not supplied the default is 
FIDELITY_FALSE. 

IPP Compatibility: The IPP boolean value is "true" for FIDELITY_TRUE and 
"false" for FIDELITY_FALSE. The category name returned by getName() is the IPP 
attribute name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The 
toString() method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 
See RFC 2911 Section 15.1 for a fuller description of the IPP fidelity 
attribute. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.Fidelity_javax.print.attribute.standard.Fidelity.FIDELITY_FALSE*

Class Fidelity is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that indicates 
whether total fidelity to client supplied print request attributes is required. 
If FIDELITY_TRUE is specified and a service cannot print the job exactly as 
specified it must reject the job. If FIDELITY_FALSE is specified a reasonable 
attempt to print the job is acceptable. If not supplied the default is 
FIDELITY_FALSE. 

IPP Compatibility: The IPP boolean value is "true" for FIDELITY_TRUE and 
"false" for FIDELITY_FALSE. The category name returned by getName() is the IPP 
attribute name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The 
toString() method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 
See RFC 2911 Section 15.1 for a fuller description of the IPP fidelity 
attribute. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.Fidelity_javax.print.attribute.standard.Fidelity.FIDELITY_TRUE*

Class Fidelity is a printing attribute class, an enumeration, that indicates 
whether total fidelity to client supplied print request attributes is required. 
If FIDELITY_TRUE is specified and a service cannot print the job exactly as 
specified it must reject the job. If FIDELITY_FALSE is specified a reasonable 
attempt to print the job is acceptable. If not supplied the default is 
FIDELITY_FALSE. 

IPP Compatibility: The IPP boolean value is "true" for FIDELITY_TRUE and 
"false" for FIDELITY_FALSE. The category name returned by getName() is the IPP 
attribute name. The enumeration's integer value is the IPP enum value. The 
toString() method returns the IPP string representation of the attribute value. 
See RFC 2911 Section 15.1 for a fuller description of the IPP fidelity 
attribute. 



*javax.print.attribute.standard.Fidelity(int)*

protected Fidelity(int value)

Construct a new fidelity enumeration value with the given integer value. 

    value - Integer value. 

*javax.print.attribute.standard.Fidelity.getCategory()*

public final |java.lang.Class| getCategory()

Get the printing attribute class which is to be used as the "category" for this 
printing attribute value. 

For class Fidelity the category is class Fidelity itself. 


    Returns: Printing attribute class (category), an instance of class {@link 
             java.lang.Class java.lang.Class}. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.Fidelity.getEnumValueTable()*

protected |javax.print.attribute.EnumSyntax| getEnumValueTable()

Returns the enumeration value table for class Fidelity. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.Fidelity.getName()*

public final |java.lang.String| getName()

Get the name of the category of which this attribute value is an instance. 

For class Fidelity the category name is "ipp-attribute-fidelity". 


    Returns: Attribute category name. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.Fidelity.getStringTable()*

protected |java.lang.String| getStringTable()

Returns the string table for class Fidelity. 



