*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsCompleted* *JobMediaSheetsCompleted* 

public final class JobMediaSheetsCompleted
  extends    |javax.print.attribute.IntegerSyntax|
  implements |javax.print.attribute.PrintJobAttribute|

|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsCompleted_Description|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsCompleted_Fields|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsCompleted_Constructors|
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsCompleted_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsCompleted_Constructors*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsCompleted(int)|Construct a new jo

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsCompleted_Methods*
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsCompleted.equals(Object)|Returns 
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsCompleted.getCategory()|Get the p
|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsCompleted.getName()|Get the name 

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsCompleted_Description*

Class JobMediaSheetsCompleted is an integer valued printing attribute class 
that specifies the number of media sheets which have completed marking and 
stacking for the entire job so far, whether those sheets have been processed on 
one side or on both. 

The JobMediaSheetsCompleted attribute describes the progress of the job. This 
attribute is intended to be a counter. That is, the JobMediaSheetsCompleted 
value for a job that has not started processing must be 0. When the job's 
JobState(|javax.print.attribute.standard.JobState|) is PROCESSING or 
PROCESSING_STOPPED, the JobMediaSheetsCompleted value is intended to increase 
as the job is processed; it indicates the amount of the job that has been 
processed at the time the Print Job's attribute set is queried or at the time a 
print job event is reported. When the job enters the COMPLETED, CANCELED, or 
ABORTED states, the JobMediaSheetsCompleted value is the final value for the 
job. 

IPP Compatibility: The integer value gives the IPP integer value. The category 
name returned by getName() gives the IPP attribute name. 


*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsCompleted(int)*

public JobMediaSheetsCompleted(int value)

Construct a new job media sheets completed attribute with the given integer 
value. 

    value - Integer value. 

*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsCompleted.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object object)

Returns whether this job media sheets completed attribute is equivalent to the 
passed in object. To be equivalent, all of the following conditions must be 
true: 

object is not null. 

object is an instance of class JobMediaSheetsCompleted. 

This job media sheets completed attribute's value and object's value are equal. 

    object - Object to compare to. 

    Returns: True if object is equivalent to this job media sheets completed attribute, 
             false otherwise. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsCompleted.getCategory()*

public final |java.lang.Class| getCategory()

Get the printing attribute class which is to be used as the "category" for this 
printing attribute value. 

For class JobMediaSheetsCompleted, the category is class 
JobMediaSheetsCompleted itself. 


    Returns: Printing attribute class (category), an instance of class {@link 
             java.lang.Class java.lang.Class}. 
*javax.print.attribute.standard.JobMediaSheetsCompleted.getName()*

public final |java.lang.String| getName()

Get the name of the category of which this attribute value is an instance. 

For class JobMediaSheetsCompleted, the category name is 
"job-media-sheets-completed". 


    Returns: Attribute category name. 

