*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfo* *OpenMBeanConstructorInfo* 

public interface interface OpenMBeanConstructorInfo


|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfo_Description|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfo_Fields|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfo_Constructors|
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfo_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfo_Methods*
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfo.equals(Object)|Compares th
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfo.getDescription()|Returns a
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfo.getName()|Returns the name
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfo.getSignature()|Returns an 
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfo.hashCode()|Returns the has
|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfo.toString()|Returns a strin

*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfo_Description*

Describes a constructor of an Open MBean. 

This interface declares the same methods as the class 
(|javax.management.MBeanConstructorInfo|) . A class implementing this interface 
(typically (|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfoSupport|) ) 
should extend (|javax.management.MBeanConstructorInfo|) . 

The (|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfo|) method should 
return at runtime an array of instances of a subclass of 
(|javax.management.MBeanParameterInfo|) which implements the 
(|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfo|) interface (typically 
(|javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanParameterInfoSupport|) ). 


*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfo.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object obj)

Compares the specified obj parameter with this OpenMBeanConstructorInfo 
instance for equality. 

Returns true if and only if all of the following statements are true: 

obj is non null, obj also implements the OpenMBeanConstructorInfo interface, 
their names are equal their signatures are equal. 

This ensures that this equals method works properly for obj parameters which 
are different implementations of the OpenMBeanConstructorInfo interface. 

    obj - the object to be compared for equality with this OpenMBeanConstructorInfo 
       instance; 

    Returns: true if the specified object is equal to this OpenMBeanConstructorInfo 
             instance. 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfo.getDescription()*

public |java.lang.String| getDescription()

Returns a human readable description of the constructor described by this 
OpenMBeanConstructorInfo instance. 


    Returns: the description. 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfo.getName()*

public |java.lang.String| getName()

Returns the name of the constructor described by this OpenMBeanConstructorInfo 
instance. 


    Returns: 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfo.getSignature()*

public |javax.management.MBeanParameterInfo| getSignature()

Returns an array of OpenMBeanParameterInfo instances describing each parameter 
in the signature of the constructor described by this OpenMBeanConstructorInfo 
instance. 


    Returns: the signature. 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfo.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()

Returns the hash code value for this OpenMBeanConstructorInfo instance. 

The hash code of an OpenMBeanConstructorInfo instance is the sum of the hash 
codes of all elements of information used in equals comparisons (ie: its name 
and signature, where the signature hashCode is calculated by a call to 
java.util.Arrays.asList(this.getSignature).hashCode()). 

This ensures that t1.equals(t2) implies that t1.hashCode()==t2.hashCode() for 
any two OpenMBeanConstructorInfo instances t1 and t2, as required by the 
general contract of the method Object.hashCode()(|java.lang.Object|) . 


    Returns: the hash code value for this OpenMBeanConstructorInfo instance 
*javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfo.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a string representation of this OpenMBeanConstructorInfo instance. 

The string representation consists of the name of this class (ie 
javax.management.openmbean.OpenMBeanConstructorInfo), and the name and 
signature of the described constructor. 


    Returns: a string representation of this OpenMBeanConstructorInfo instance 

