*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet* *AccessibleRelationSet* Class Access

public class AccessibleRelationSet
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet_Description|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet_Fields|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet_Constructors|
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet_Fields*
|java.util.Vector_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet.relations|

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet_Constructors*
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet()|Creates a new empty relation set.
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet(AccessibleRelation[])|Creates a new 

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet_Methods*
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet.add(AccessibleRelation)|Adds a new r
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet.addAll(AccessibleRelation[])|Adds al
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet.clear()|Removes all the relations fr
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet.contains(String)|Returns whether the
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet.get(String)|Returns the relation tha
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet.remove(AccessibleRelation)|Removes a
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet.size()|Returns the number of relatio
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet.toArray()|Returns the current relati
|javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet.toString()|Creates a localized Strin

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet_Description*

Class AccessibleRelationSet determines a component's relation set. The relation 
set of a component is a set of AccessibleRelation objects that describe the 
component's relationships with other components. 


*java.util.Vector_javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet.relations*

Class AccessibleRelationSet determines a component's relation set. The relation 
set of a component is a set of AccessibleRelation objects that describe the 
component's relationships with other components. 



*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet()*

public AccessibleRelationSet()

Creates a new empty relation set. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet(AccessibleRelation[])*

public AccessibleRelationSet(javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation[] relations)

Creates a new relation with the initial set of relations contained in the array 
of relations passed in. Duplicate entries are ignored. 

    relations - an array of AccessibleRelation describing the relation set. 

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet.add(AccessibleRelation)*

public boolean add(javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation relation)

Adds a new relation to the current relation set. If the relation is already in 
the relation set, the target(s) of the specified relation is merged with the 
target(s) of the existing relation. Otherwise, the new relation is added to the 
relation set. 

    relation - the relation to add to the relation set 

    Returns: true if relation is added to the relation set; false if the relation set is 
             unchanged 
*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet.addAll(AccessibleRelation[])*

public void addAll(javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation[] relations)

Adds all of the relations to the existing relation set. Duplicate entries are 
ignored. 

    relations - AccessibleRelation array describing the relation set. 

*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet.clear()*

public void clear()

Removes all the relations from the current relation set. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet.contains(String)*

public boolean contains(java.lang.String key)

Returns whether the relation set contains a relation that matches the specified 
key. 

    key - the AccessibleRelation key 

    Returns: true if the relation is in the relation set; otherwise false 
*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet.get(String)*

public |javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation| get(java.lang.String key)

Returns the relation that matches the specified key. 

    key - the AccessibleRelation key 

    Returns: the relation, if one exists, that matches the specified key. Otherwise, null is 
             returned. 
*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet.remove(AccessibleRelation)*

public boolean remove(javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation relation)

Removes a relation from the current relation set. If the relation is not in the 
set, the relation set will be unchanged and the return value will be false. If 
the relation is in the relation set, it will be removed from the set and the 
return value will be true. 

    relation - the relation to remove from the relation set 

    Returns: true if the relation is in the relation set; false if the relation set is 
             unchanged 
*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet.size()*

public int size()

Returns the number of relations in the relation set. 


*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet.toArray()*

public |javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelation| toArray()

Returns the current relation set as an array of AccessibleRelation 


    Returns: AccessibleRelation array contacting the current relation. 
*javax.accessibility.AccessibleRelationSet.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Creates a localized String representing all the relations in the set using the 
default locale. 


    Returns: comma separated localized String 

