*java.awt.image.ImageObserver* *ImageObserver* An asynchronous update interface 

public interface interface ImageObserver


|java.awt.image.ImageObserver_Description|
|java.awt.image.ImageObserver_Fields|
|java.awt.image.ImageObserver_Constructors|
|java.awt.image.ImageObserver_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.awt.image.ImageObserver_Fields*
|int_java.awt.image.ImageObserver.ABORT|
|int_java.awt.image.ImageObserver.ALLBITS|
|int_java.awt.image.ImageObserver.ERROR|
|int_java.awt.image.ImageObserver.FRAMEBITS|
|int_java.awt.image.ImageObserver.HEIGHT|
|int_java.awt.image.ImageObserver.PROPERTIES|
|int_java.awt.image.ImageObserver.SOMEBITS|
|int_java.awt.image.ImageObserver.WIDTH|

*java.awt.image.ImageObserver_Methods*
|java.awt.image.ImageObserver.imageUpdate(Image,int,int,int,int,int)|This metho

*java.awt.image.ImageObserver_Description*

An asynchronous update interface for receiving notifications about Image 
information as the Image is constructed. 


*int_java.awt.image.ImageObserver.ABORT*

An asynchronous update interface for receiving notifications about Image 
information as the Image is constructed. 


*int_java.awt.image.ImageObserver.ALLBITS*

An asynchronous update interface for receiving notifications about Image 
information as the Image is constructed. 


*int_java.awt.image.ImageObserver.ERROR*

An asynchronous update interface for receiving notifications about Image 
information as the Image is constructed. 


*int_java.awt.image.ImageObserver.FRAMEBITS*

An asynchronous update interface for receiving notifications about Image 
information as the Image is constructed. 


*int_java.awt.image.ImageObserver.HEIGHT*

An asynchronous update interface for receiving notifications about Image 
information as the Image is constructed. 


*int_java.awt.image.ImageObserver.PROPERTIES*

An asynchronous update interface for receiving notifications about Image 
information as the Image is constructed. 


*int_java.awt.image.ImageObserver.SOMEBITS*

An asynchronous update interface for receiving notifications about Image 
information as the Image is constructed. 


*int_java.awt.image.ImageObserver.WIDTH*

An asynchronous update interface for receiving notifications about Image 
information as the Image is constructed. 



*java.awt.image.ImageObserver.imageUpdate(Image,int,int,int,int,int)*

public boolean imageUpdate(
  java.awt.Image img,
  int infoflags,
  int x,
  int y,
  int width,
  int height)

This method is called when information about an image which was previously 
requested using an asynchronous interface becomes available. Asynchronous 
interfaces are method calls such as getWidth(ImageObserver) and drawImage(img, 
x, y, ImageObserver) which take an ImageObserver object as an argument. Those 
methods register the caller as interested either in information about the 
overall image itself (in the case of getWidth(ImageObserver)) or about an 
output version of an image (in the case of the drawImage(img, x, y, [w, h,] 
ImageObserver) call). 

This method should return true if further updates are needed or false if the 
required information has been acquired. The image which was being tracked is 
passed in using the img argument. Various constants are combined to form the 
infoflags argument which indicates what information about the image is now 
available. The interpretation of the x, y, width, and height arguments depends 
on the contents of the infoflags argument. 

The infoflags argument should be the bitwise inclusive OR of the following 
flags: WIDTH, HEIGHT, PROPERTIES, SOMEBITS, FRAMEBITS, ALLBITS, ERROR, ABORT. 

    img - the image being observed. 
    infoflags - the bitwise inclusive OR of the following flags: WIDTH, HEIGHT, PROPERTIES, 
       SOMEBITS, FRAMEBITS, ALLBITS, ERROR, ABORT. 
    x - the x coordinate. 
    y - the y coordinate. 
    width - the width. 
    height - the height. 

    Returns: false if the infoflags indicate that the image is completely loaded; true 
             otherwise. 

