*java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem* *MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem* Inner

protected class MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem
  extends    |java.awt.MenuComponent.AccessibleAWTMenuComponent|
  implements |javax.accessibility.AccessibleAction|
             |javax.accessibility.AccessibleValue|

|java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem_Description|
|java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem_Fields|
|java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem_Constructors|
|java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem_Constructors*
|java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem()|

*java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem_Methods*
|java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem.doAccessibleAction(int)|Perform the sp
|java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem.getAccessibleAction()|Get the Accessib
|java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem.getAccessibleActionCount()|Returns the
|java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem.getAccessibleActionDescription(int)|Re
|java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem.getAccessibleName()|Get the accessible
|java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem.getAccessibleRole()|Get the role of th
|java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem.getAccessibleValue()|Get the Accessibl
|java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem.getCurrentAccessibleValue()|Get the va
|java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem.getMaximumAccessibleValue()|Get the ma
|java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem.getMinimumAccessibleValue()|Get the mi
|java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem.setCurrentAccessibleValue(Number)|Set 

*java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem_Description*

Inner class of MenuItem used to provide default support for accessibility. This 
class is not meant to be used directly by application developers, but is 
instead meant only to be subclassed by menu component developers. 

This class implements accessibility support for the MenuItem class. It provides 
an implementation of the Java Accessibility API appropriate to menu item 
user-interface elements. 


*java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem()*

protected MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem()




*java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem.doAccessibleAction(int)*

public boolean doAccessibleAction(int i)

Perform the specified Action on the object 

    i - zero-based index of actions 

    Returns: true if the action was performed; otherwise false. 
*java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem.getAccessibleAction()*

public |javax.accessibility.AccessibleAction| getAccessibleAction()

Get the AccessibleAction associated with this object. In the implementation of 
the Java Accessibility API for this class, return this object, which is 
responsible for implementing the AccessibleAction interface on behalf of 
itself. 


    Returns: 
*java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem.getAccessibleActionCount()*

public int getAccessibleActionCount()

Returns the number of Actions available in this object. The default behavior of 
a menu item is to have one action. 


    Returns: 1, the number of Actions in this object 
*java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem.getAccessibleActionDescription(int)*

public |java.lang.String| getAccessibleActionDescription(int i)

Return a description of the specified action of the object. 

    i - zero-based index of the actions 

*java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem.getAccessibleName()*

public |java.lang.String| getAccessibleName()

Get the accessible name of this object. 


    Returns: the localized name of the object -- can be null if this object does not have a 
             name 
*java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem.getAccessibleRole()*

public |javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole| getAccessibleRole()

Get the role of this object. 


    Returns: an instance of AccessibleRole describing the role of the object 
*java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem.getAccessibleValue()*

public |javax.accessibility.AccessibleValue| getAccessibleValue()

Get the AccessibleValue associated with this object. In the implementation of 
the Java Accessibility API for this class, return this object, which is 
responsible for implementing the AccessibleValue interface on behalf of itself. 


    Returns: 
*java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem.getCurrentAccessibleValue()*

public |java.lang.Number| getCurrentAccessibleValue()

Get the value of this object as a Number. 


    Returns: An Integer of 0 if this isn't selected or an Integer of 1 if this is selected. 
*java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem.getMaximumAccessibleValue()*

public |java.lang.Number| getMaximumAccessibleValue()

Get the maximum value of this object as a Number. 


    Returns: An Integer of 0. 
*java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem.getMinimumAccessibleValue()*

public |java.lang.Number| getMinimumAccessibleValue()

Get the minimum value of this object as a Number. 


    Returns: An Integer of 0. 
*java.awt.MenuItem.AccessibleAWTMenuItem.setCurrentAccessibleValue(Number)*

public boolean setCurrentAccessibleValue(java.lang.Number n)

Set the value of this object as a Number. 


    Returns: True if the value was set. 

