*javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback* *ConfirmationCallback*  Unde

public class ConfirmationCallback
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |javax.security.auth.callback.Callback|
             |java.io.Serializable|

|javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback_Description|
|javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback_Fields|
|javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback_Constructors|
|javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback_Fields*
|int_javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.CANCEL|
|int_javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.ERROR|
|int_javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.INFORMATION|
|int_javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.NO|
|int_javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.OK|
|int_javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.OK_CANCEL_OPTION|
|int_javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.UNSPECIFIED_OPTION|
|int_javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.WARNING|
|int_javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.YES|
|int_javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.YES_NO_CANCEL_OPTION|
|int_javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.YES_NO_OPTION|

*javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback_Constructors*
|javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback(int,int,int)|Construct a Con
|javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback(int,String[],int)|Construct 
|javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback(String,int,int,int)|Construc
|javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback(String,int,String[],int)|Con

*javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback_Methods*
|javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.getDefaultOption()|Get the d
|javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.getMessageType()|Get the mes
|javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.getOptions()|Get the confirm
|javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.getOptionType()|Get the opti
|javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.getPrompt()|Get the prompt.
|javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.getSelectedIndex()|Get the s
|javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.setSelectedIndex(int)|Set th

*javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback_Description*

Underlying security services instantiate and pass a ConfirmationCallback to the 
handle method of a CallbackHandler to ask for YES/NO, OK/CANCEL, YES/NO/CANCEL 
or other similar confirmations. 


*int_javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.CANCEL*

Underlying security services instantiate and pass a ConfirmationCallback to the 
handle method of a CallbackHandler to ask for YES/NO, OK/CANCEL, YES/NO/CANCEL 
or other similar confirmations. 


*int_javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.ERROR*

Underlying security services instantiate and pass a ConfirmationCallback to the 
handle method of a CallbackHandler to ask for YES/NO, OK/CANCEL, YES/NO/CANCEL 
or other similar confirmations. 


*int_javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.INFORMATION*

Underlying security services instantiate and pass a ConfirmationCallback to the 
handle method of a CallbackHandler to ask for YES/NO, OK/CANCEL, YES/NO/CANCEL 
or other similar confirmations. 


*int_javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.NO*

Underlying security services instantiate and pass a ConfirmationCallback to the 
handle method of a CallbackHandler to ask for YES/NO, OK/CANCEL, YES/NO/CANCEL 
or other similar confirmations. 


*int_javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.OK*

Underlying security services instantiate and pass a ConfirmationCallback to the 
handle method of a CallbackHandler to ask for YES/NO, OK/CANCEL, YES/NO/CANCEL 
or other similar confirmations. 


*int_javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.OK_CANCEL_OPTION*

Underlying security services instantiate and pass a ConfirmationCallback to the 
handle method of a CallbackHandler to ask for YES/NO, OK/CANCEL, YES/NO/CANCEL 
or other similar confirmations. 


*int_javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.UNSPECIFIED_OPTION*

Underlying security services instantiate and pass a ConfirmationCallback to the 
handle method of a CallbackHandler to ask for YES/NO, OK/CANCEL, YES/NO/CANCEL 
or other similar confirmations. 


*int_javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.WARNING*

Underlying security services instantiate and pass a ConfirmationCallback to the 
handle method of a CallbackHandler to ask for YES/NO, OK/CANCEL, YES/NO/CANCEL 
or other similar confirmations. 


*int_javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.YES*

Underlying security services instantiate and pass a ConfirmationCallback to the 
handle method of a CallbackHandler to ask for YES/NO, OK/CANCEL, YES/NO/CANCEL 
or other similar confirmations. 


*int_javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.YES_NO_CANCEL_OPTION*

Underlying security services instantiate and pass a ConfirmationCallback to the 
handle method of a CallbackHandler to ask for YES/NO, OK/CANCEL, YES/NO/CANCEL 
or other similar confirmations. 


*int_javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.YES_NO_OPTION*

Underlying security services instantiate and pass a ConfirmationCallback to the 
handle method of a CallbackHandler to ask for YES/NO, OK/CANCEL, YES/NO/CANCEL 
or other similar confirmations. 



*javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback(int,int,int)*

public ConfirmationCallback(
  int messageType,
  int optionType,
  int defaultOption)

Construct a ConfirmationCallback with a message type, an option type and a 
default option. 

Underlying security services use this constructor if they require either a 
YES/NO, YES/NO/CANCEL or OK/CANCEL confirmation. 



    messageType - the message type (INFORMATION, WARNING or ERROR). 
    optionType - the option type (YES_NO_OPTION, YES_NO_CANCEL_OPTION or OK_CANCEL_OPTION). 
    defaultOption - the default option from the provided optionType (YES, NO, CANCEL or OK). 

*javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback(int,String[],int)*

public ConfirmationCallback(
  int messageType,
  java.lang.String[] options,
  int defaultOption)

Construct a ConfirmationCallback with a message type, a list of options and a 
default option. 

Underlying security services use this constructor if they require a 
confirmation different from the available preset confirmations provided (for 
example, CONTINUE/ABORT or STOP/GO). The confirmation options are listed in the 
options array, and are displayed by the CallbackHandler implementation in a 
manner consistent with the way preset options are displayed. 



    messageType - the message type (INFORMATION, WARNING or ERROR). 
    options - the list of confirmation options. 
    defaultOption - the default option, represented as an index into the options array. 

*javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback(String,int,int,int)*

public ConfirmationCallback(
  java.lang.String prompt,
  int messageType,
  int optionType,
  int defaultOption)

Construct a ConfirmationCallback with a prompt, message type, an option type 
and a default option. 

Underlying security services use this constructor if they require either a 
YES/NO, YES/NO/CANCEL or OK/CANCEL confirmation. 



    prompt - the prompt used to describe the list of options. 
    messageType - the message type (INFORMATION, WARNING or ERROR). 
    optionType - the option type (YES_NO_OPTION, YES_NO_CANCEL_OPTION or OK_CANCEL_OPTION). 
    defaultOption - the default option from the provided optionType (YES, NO, CANCEL or OK). 

*javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback(String,int,String[],int)*

public ConfirmationCallback(
  java.lang.String prompt,
  int messageType,
  java.lang.String[] options,
  int defaultOption)

Construct a ConfirmationCallback with a prompt, message type, a list of options 
and a default option. 

Underlying security services use this constructor if they require a 
confirmation different from the available preset confirmations provided (for 
example, CONTINUE/ABORT or STOP/GO). The confirmation options are listed in the 
options array, and are displayed by the CallbackHandler implementation in a 
manner consistent with the way preset options are displayed. 



    prompt - the prompt used to describe the list of options. 
    messageType - the message type (INFORMATION, WARNING or ERROR). 
    options - the list of confirmation options. 
    defaultOption - the default option, represented as an index into the options array. 

*javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.getDefaultOption()*

public int getDefaultOption()

Get the default option. 




    Returns: the default option, represented as YES, NO, OK or CANCEL if an optionType was 
             specified to the constructor of this ConfirmationCallback. 
             Otherwise, this method returns the default option as an index into 
             the options array specified to the constructor of this 
             ConfirmationCallback. 
*javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.getMessageType()*

public int getMessageType()

Get the message type. 




    Returns: the message type (INFORMATION, WARNING or ERROR). 
*javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.getOptions()*

public |java.lang.String| getOptions()

Get the confirmation options. 




    Returns: the list of confirmation options, or null if this ConfirmationCallback was 
             instantiated with an optionType instead of options. 
*javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.getOptionType()*

public int getOptionType()

Get the option type. 

If this method returns UNSPECIFIED_OPTION, then this ConfirmationCallback was 
instantiated with options instead of an optionType. In this case, invoke the 
getOptions method to determine which confirmation options to display. 




    Returns: the option type (YES_NO_OPTION, YES_NO_CANCEL_OPTION or OK_CANCEL_OPTION), or 
             UNSPECIFIED_OPTION if this ConfirmationCallback was instantiated 
             with options instead of an optionType. 
*javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.getPrompt()*

public |java.lang.String| getPrompt()

Get the prompt. 




    Returns: the prompt, or null if this ConfirmationCallback was instantiated without a 
             prompt. 
*javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.getSelectedIndex()*

public int getSelectedIndex()

Get the selected confirmation option. 




    Returns: the selected confirmation option represented as YES, NO, OK or CANCEL if an 
             optionType was specified to the constructor of this 
             ConfirmationCallback. Otherwise, this method returns the selected 
             confirmation option as an index into the options array specified 
             to the constructor of this ConfirmationCallback. 
*javax.security.auth.callback.ConfirmationCallback.setSelectedIndex(int)*

public void setSelectedIndex(int selection)

Set the selected confirmation option. 



    selection - the selection represented as YES, NO, OK or CANCEL if an optionType was 
       specified to the constructor of this ConfirmationCallback. Otherwise, 
       the selection represents the index into the options array specified to 
       the constructor of this ConfirmationCallback. 


