*org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus* *CompletionStatus* An object that indicates whe

public final class CompletionStatus
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |org.omg.CORBA.portable.IDLEntity|

|org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus_Description|
|org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus_Fields|
|org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus_Constructors|
|org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus_Fields*
|int_org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus._COMPLETED_MAYBE|
|int_org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus._COMPLETED_NO|
|int_org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus._COMPLETED_YES|
|org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus_org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus.COMPLETED_MAYBE|
|org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus_org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus.COMPLETED_NO|
|org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus_org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus.COMPLETED_YES|

*org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus_Methods*
|org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus.from_int(int)|Creates a CompletionStatus object
|org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus.value()|Retrieves the value of this CompletionS

*org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus_Description*

An object that indicates whether a method had completed running when a 
SystemException was thrown. 

The class CompletionStatus contains three CompletionStatus instances, which are 
constants representing each possible completion status: COMPLETED_MAYBE, 
COMPLETED_NO, and COMPLETED_YES. It also contains three int members, each a 
constant corresponding to one of the CompletionStatus instances. These int 
members make it possible to use a switch statement. 

The class also contains two methods: 

public int value() -- which accesses the value field of a CompletionStatus 
object public static CompletionStatus from_int(int i) -- for creating an 
instance from one of the int members 


*int_org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus._COMPLETED_MAYBE*

An object that indicates whether a method had completed running when a 
SystemException was thrown. 

The class CompletionStatus contains three CompletionStatus instances, which are 
constants representing each possible completion status: COMPLETED_MAYBE, 
COMPLETED_NO, and COMPLETED_YES. It also contains three int members, each a 
constant corresponding to one of the CompletionStatus instances. These int 
members make it possible to use a switch statement. 

The class also contains two methods: 

public int value() -- which accesses the value field of a CompletionStatus 
object public static CompletionStatus from_int(int i) -- for creating an 
instance from one of the int members 


*int_org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus._COMPLETED_NO*

An object that indicates whether a method had completed running when a 
SystemException was thrown. 

The class CompletionStatus contains three CompletionStatus instances, which are 
constants representing each possible completion status: COMPLETED_MAYBE, 
COMPLETED_NO, and COMPLETED_YES. It also contains three int members, each a 
constant corresponding to one of the CompletionStatus instances. These int 
members make it possible to use a switch statement. 

The class also contains two methods: 

public int value() -- which accesses the value field of a CompletionStatus 
object public static CompletionStatus from_int(int i) -- for creating an 
instance from one of the int members 


*int_org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus._COMPLETED_YES*

An object that indicates whether a method had completed running when a 
SystemException was thrown. 

The class CompletionStatus contains three CompletionStatus instances, which are 
constants representing each possible completion status: COMPLETED_MAYBE, 
COMPLETED_NO, and COMPLETED_YES. It also contains three int members, each a 
constant corresponding to one of the CompletionStatus instances. These int 
members make it possible to use a switch statement. 

The class also contains two methods: 

public int value() -- which accesses the value field of a CompletionStatus 
object public static CompletionStatus from_int(int i) -- for creating an 
instance from one of the int members 


*org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus_org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus.COMPLETED_MAYBE*

An object that indicates whether a method had completed running when a 
SystemException was thrown. 

The class CompletionStatus contains three CompletionStatus instances, which are 
constants representing each possible completion status: COMPLETED_MAYBE, 
COMPLETED_NO, and COMPLETED_YES. It also contains three int members, each a 
constant corresponding to one of the CompletionStatus instances. These int 
members make it possible to use a switch statement. 

The class also contains two methods: 

public int value() -- which accesses the value field of a CompletionStatus 
object public static CompletionStatus from_int(int i) -- for creating an 
instance from one of the int members 


*org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus_org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus.COMPLETED_NO*

An object that indicates whether a method had completed running when a 
SystemException was thrown. 

The class CompletionStatus contains three CompletionStatus instances, which are 
constants representing each possible completion status: COMPLETED_MAYBE, 
COMPLETED_NO, and COMPLETED_YES. It also contains three int members, each a 
constant corresponding to one of the CompletionStatus instances. These int 
members make it possible to use a switch statement. 

The class also contains two methods: 

public int value() -- which accesses the value field of a CompletionStatus 
object public static CompletionStatus from_int(int i) -- for creating an 
instance from one of the int members 


*org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus_org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus.COMPLETED_YES*

An object that indicates whether a method had completed running when a 
SystemException was thrown. 

The class CompletionStatus contains three CompletionStatus instances, which are 
constants representing each possible completion status: COMPLETED_MAYBE, 
COMPLETED_NO, and COMPLETED_YES. It also contains three int members, each a 
constant corresponding to one of the CompletionStatus instances. These int 
members make it possible to use a switch statement. 

The class also contains two methods: 

public int value() -- which accesses the value field of a CompletionStatus 
object public static CompletionStatus from_int(int i) -- for creating an 
instance from one of the int members 



*org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus.from_int(int)*

public static |org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus| from_int(int i)

Creates a CompletionStatus object from the given int. 

    i - one of _COMPLETED_YES, _COMPLETED_NO, or _COMPLETED_MAYBE 

    Returns: one of the possible CompletionStatus objects with values: _COMPLETED_YES, 
             _COMPLETED_NO, or _COMPLETED_MAYBE 
*org.omg.CORBA.CompletionStatus.value()*

public int value()

Retrieves the value of this CompletionStatus object. 


    Returns: one of the possible CompletionStatus values: _COMPLETED_YES, _COMPLETED_NO, or 
             _COMPLETED_MAYBE 

