*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny* *DynAny* Enables org.omg.CORBA.Any values to be dynamical

public interface interface DynAny

  implements |org.omg.CORBA.Object|

|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny_Description|
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny_Fields|
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny_Constructors|
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny_Methods*
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.assign(DynAny)|Copy the contents from one Dynamic Any int
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.copy()|Clones this DynAny object.
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.current_component()|Returns a DynAny object reference tha
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.destroy()|Destroys this DynAny object and frees any resou
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.from_any(Any)|Make a DynAny object from an Any  object.
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_any()|Retrieves the org.omg.CORBA.Any contained  in t
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_boolean()|Retrieves the boolean contained  in this Dy
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_char()|Retrieves the char contained  in this DynAny o
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_double()|Retrieves the double contained  in this DynA
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_float()|Retrieves the float contained  in this DynAny
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_long()|Retrieves the int contained  in this DynAny ob
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_longlong()|Retrieves the long contained  in this DynA
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_octet()|Retrieves the byte contained  in this DynAny 
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_reference()|Retrieves the org.omg.CORBA.Other contain
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_short()|Retrieves the short contained  in this DynAny
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_string()|Retrieves the String contained  in this DynA
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_typecode()|Retrieves the org.omg.CORBA.TypeCode conta
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_ulong()|Retrieves the int contained  in this DynAny o
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_ulonglong()|Retrieves the long contained  in this Dyn
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_ushort()|Retrieves the short contained  in this DynAn
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_val()|Retrieves the java.io.Serializable object conta
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_wchar()|Retrieves the char contained  in this DynAny 
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_wstring()|Retrieves the String contained  in this Dyn
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_any(Any)|Inserts the given org.omg.CORBA.Any objec
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_boolean(boolean)|Inserts the given boolean as the 
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_char(char)|Inserts the given char as the value for
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_double(double)|Inserts the given double as the val
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_float(float)|Inserts the given float as the value 
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_long(int)|Inserts the given int as the value for t
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_longlong(long)|Inserts the given long as the value
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_octet(byte)|Inserts the given byte as the value fo
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_reference(Object)|Inserts the given org.omg.CORBA.
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_short(short)|Inserts the given short as the value 
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_string(String)|Inserts the given String object as 
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_typecode(TypeCode)|Inserts the given org.omg.CORBA
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_ulong(int)|Inserts the given int as the value for 
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_ulonglong(long)|Inserts the given long as the valu
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_ushort(short)|Inserts the given short as the value
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_val(Serializable)|Inserts the given java.io.Serial
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_wchar(char)|Inserts the given char as the value fo
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_wstring(String)|Inserts the given String as the va
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.next()|Moves to the next component of this DynAny object.
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.rewind()|Moves the internal pointer to the first componen
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.seek(int)|Moves the internal pointer to the given index.
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.to_any()|Convert a DynAny object to an Any  object.
|org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.type()|Returns the TypeCode of the object inserted into  

*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny_Description*

Enables org.omg.CORBA.Any values to be dynamically interpreted (traversed) and 
constructed. A DynAny object is associated with a data value which may 
correspond to a copy of the value inserted into an Any. The DynAny APIs enable 
traversal of the data value associated with an Any at runtime and extraction of 
the primitive constituents of the data value. 


*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.assign(DynAny)*

public void assign(org.omg.CORBA.DynAny dyn_any)
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.Invalid|
         
Copy the contents from one Dynamic Any into another. 

    dyn_any - the DynAny object whose contents are assigned to this DynAny. 

*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.copy()*

public |org.omg.CORBA.DynAny| copy()

Clones this DynAny object. 


    Returns: a copy of this DynAny object 
*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.current_component()*

public |org.omg.CORBA.DynAny| current_component()

Returns a DynAny object reference that can be used to get/set the value of the 
component currently accessed. The appropriate insert method can be called on 
the resulting DynAny object to initialize the component. The appropriate get 
method can be called on the resulting DynAny object to extract the value of the 
component. 


    Returns: a DynAny object reference that can be used to retrieve or set the value of the 
             component currently accessed 
*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.destroy()*

public void destroy()

Destroys this DynAny object and frees any resources used to represent the data 
value associated with it. This method also destroys all DynAny objects obtained 
from it. 

Destruction of DynAny objects should be handled with care, taking into account 
issues dealing with the representation of data values associated with DynAny 
objects. A programmer who wants to destroy a DynAny object but still be able to 
manipulate some component of the data value associated with it, should first 
create a DynAny object for the component and then make a copy of the created 
DynAny object. 


*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.from_any(Any)*

public void from_any(org.omg.CORBA.Any value)
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.Invalid|
         
Make a DynAny object from an Any object. 

    value - the Any object. 

*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_any()*

public |org.omg.CORBA.Any| get_any()
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Retrieves the org.omg.CORBA.Any contained in this DynAny object. 


    Returns: the org.omg.CORBA.Any that is the value for this DynAny object 
*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_boolean()*

public boolean get_boolean()
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Retrieves the boolean contained in this DynAny object. 


    Returns: the boolean that is the value for this DynAny object 
*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_char()*

public char get_char()
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Retrieves the char contained in this DynAny object. 


    Returns: the char that is the value for this DynAny object 
*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_double()*

public double get_double()
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Retrieves the double contained in this DynAny object. 


    Returns: the double that is the value for this DynAny object 
*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_float()*

public float get_float()
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Retrieves the float contained in this DynAny object. 


    Returns: the float that is the value for this DynAny object 
*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_long()*

public int get_long()
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Retrieves the int contained in this DynAny object. 


    Returns: the int that is the value for this DynAny object 
*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_longlong()*

public long get_longlong()
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Retrieves the long contained in this DynAny object. 


    Returns: the long that is the value for this DynAny object 
*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_octet()*

public byte get_octet()
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Retrieves the byte contained in this DynAny object. 


    Returns: the byte that is the value for this DynAny object 
*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_reference()*

public |org.omg.CORBA.Object| get_reference()
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Retrieves the org.omg.CORBA.Other contained in this DynAny object. 


    Returns: the org.omg.CORBA.Other that is the value for this DynAny object 
*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_short()*

public short get_short()
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Retrieves the short contained in this DynAny object. 


    Returns: the short that is the value for this DynAny object 
*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_string()*

public |java.lang.String| get_string()
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Retrieves the String contained in this DynAny object. 


    Returns: the String that is the value for this DynAny object 
*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_typecode()*

public |org.omg.CORBA.TypeCode| get_typecode()
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Retrieves the org.omg.CORBA.TypeCode contained in this DynAny object. 


    Returns: the org.omg.CORBA.TypeCode that is the value for this DynAny object 
*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_ulong()*

public int get_ulong()
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Retrieves the int contained in this DynAny object. 


    Returns: the int that is the value for this DynAny object 
*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_ulonglong()*

public long get_ulonglong()
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Retrieves the long contained in this DynAny object. 


    Returns: the long that is the value for this DynAny object 
*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_ushort()*

public short get_ushort()
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Retrieves the short contained in this DynAny object. 


    Returns: the short that is the value for this DynAny object 
*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_val()*

public |java.io.Serializable| get_val()
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Retrieves the java.io.Serializable object contained in this DynAny object. 


    Returns: the java.io.Serializable object that is the value for this DynAny object 
*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_wchar()*

public char get_wchar()
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Retrieves the char contained in this DynAny object. 


    Returns: the char that is the value for this DynAny object 
*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.get_wstring()*

public |java.lang.String| get_wstring()
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Retrieves the String contained in this DynAny object. 


    Returns: the String that is the value for this DynAny object 
*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_any(Any)*

public void insert_any(org.omg.CORBA.Any value)
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         
Inserts the given org.omg.CORBA.Any object as the value for this DynAny object. 

If this method is called on a constructed DynAny object, it initializes the 
next component of the constructed data value associated with this DynAny 
object. 

    value - the org.omg.CORBA.Any object to insert into this DynAny object 

*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_boolean(boolean)*

public void insert_boolean(boolean value)
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         
Inserts the given boolean as the value for this DynAny object. 

If this method is called on a constructed DynAny object, it initializes the 
next component of the constructed data value associated with this DynAny 
object. 

    value - the boolean to insert into this DynAny object 

*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_char(char)*

public void insert_char(char value)
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         
Inserts the given char as the value for this DynAny object. 

If this method is called on a constructed DynAny object, it initializes the 
next component of the constructed data value associated with this DynAny 
object. 

    value - the char to insert into this DynAny object 

*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_double(double)*

public void insert_double(double value)
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         
Inserts the given double as the value for this DynAny object. 

If this method is called on a constructed DynAny object, it initializes the 
next component of the constructed data value associated with this DynAny 
object. 

    value - the double to insert into this DynAny object 

*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_float(float)*

public void insert_float(float value)
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         
Inserts the given float as the value for this DynAny object. 

If this method is called on a constructed DynAny object, it initializes the 
next component of the constructed data value associated with this DynAny 
object. 

    value - the float to insert into this DynAny object 

*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_long(int)*

public void insert_long(int value)
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         
Inserts the given int as the value for this DynAny object. 

If this method is called on a constructed DynAny object, it initializes the 
next component of the constructed data value associated with this DynAny 
object. 

    value - the int to insert into this DynAny object 

*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_longlong(long)*

public void insert_longlong(long value)
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         
Inserts the given long as the value for this DynAny object. 

If this method is called on a constructed DynAny object, it initializes the 
next component of the constructed data value associated with this DynAny 
object. 

    value - the long to insert into this DynAny object 

*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_octet(byte)*

public void insert_octet(byte value)
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         
Inserts the given byte as the value for this DynAny object. 

If this method is called on a constructed DynAny object, it initializes the 
next component of the constructed data value associated with this DynAny 
object. 

    value - the byte to insert into this DynAny object 

*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_reference(Object)*

public void insert_reference(org.omg.CORBA.Object value)
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         
Inserts the given org.omg.CORBA.Object as the value for this DynAny object. 

If this method is called on a constructed DynAny object, it initializes the 
next component of the constructed data value associated with this DynAny 
object. 

    value - the org.omg.CORBA.Object to insert into this DynAny object 

*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_short(short)*

public void insert_short(short value)
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         
Inserts the given short as the value for this DynAny object. 

If this method is called on a constructed DynAny object, it initializes the 
next component of the constructed data value associated with this DynAny 
object. 

    value - the short to insert into this DynAny object 

*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_string(String)*

public void insert_string(java.lang.String value)
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         
Inserts the given String object as the value for this DynAny object. 

If this method is called on a constructed DynAny object, it initializes the 
next component of the constructed data value associated with this DynAny 
object. 

    value - the String to insert into this DynAny object 

*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_typecode(TypeCode)*

public void insert_typecode(org.omg.CORBA.TypeCode value)
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         
Inserts the given org.omg.CORBA.TypeCode as the value for this DynAny object. 

If this method is called on a constructed DynAny object, it initializes the 
next component of the constructed data value associated with this DynAny 
object. 

    value - the org.omg.CORBA.TypeCode to insert into this DynAny object 

*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_ulong(int)*

public void insert_ulong(int value)
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         
Inserts the given int as the value for this DynAny object. 

If this method is called on a constructed DynAny object, it initializes the 
next component of the constructed data value associated with this DynAny 
object. 

    value - the int to insert into this DynAny object 

*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_ulonglong(long)*

public void insert_ulonglong(long value)
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         
Inserts the given long as the value for this DynAny object. 

If this method is called on a constructed DynAny object, it initializes the 
next component of the constructed data value associated with this DynAny 
object. 

    value - the long to insert into this DynAny object 

*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_ushort(short)*

public void insert_ushort(short value)
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         
Inserts the given short as the value for this DynAny object. 

If this method is called on a constructed DynAny object, it initializes the 
next component of the constructed data value associated with this DynAny 
object. 

    value - the short to insert into this DynAny object 

*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_val(Serializable)*

public void insert_val(java.io.Serializable value)
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         
Inserts the given java.io.Serializable object as the value for this DynAny 
object. 

If this method is called on a constructed DynAny object, it initializes the 
next component of the constructed data value associated with this DynAny 
object. 

    value - the java.io.Serializable object to insert into this DynAny object 

*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_wchar(char)*

public void insert_wchar(char value)
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         
Inserts the given char as the value for this DynAny object. 

If this method is called on a constructed DynAny object, it initializes the 
next component of the constructed data value associated with this DynAny 
object. 

    value - the char to insert into this DynAny object 

*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.insert_wstring(String)*

public void insert_wstring(java.lang.String value)
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         
Inserts the given String as the value for this DynAny object. 

If this method is called on a constructed DynAny object, it initializes the 
next component of the constructed data value associated with this DynAny 
object. 

    value - the String to insert into this DynAny object 

*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.next()*

public boolean next()

Moves to the next component of this DynAny object. This method is used for 
iterating through the components of a constructed type, effectively moving a 
pointer from one component to the next. The pointer starts out on the first 
component when a DynAny object is created. 


    Returns: true if the pointer points to a component; false if there are no more 
             components or this DynAny is associated with a basic type rather 
             than a constructed type 
*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.rewind()*

public void rewind()

Moves the internal pointer to the first component. 


*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.seek(int)*

public boolean seek(int index)

Moves the internal pointer to the given index. Logically, this method sets a 
new offset for this pointer. 

    index - an int indicating the position to which the pointer should move. The first 
       position is 0. 

    Returns: true if the pointer points to a component; false if there is no component at 
             the designated index. If this DynAny object is associated with a 
             basic type, this method returns false for any index other than 0. 
*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.to_any()*

public |org.omg.CORBA.Any| to_any()
  throws |org.omg.CORBA.DynAnyPackage.Invalid|
         
Convert a DynAny object to an Any object. 


    Returns: the Any object. 
*org.omg.CORBA.DynAny.type()*

public |org.omg.CORBA.TypeCode| type()

Returns the TypeCode of the object inserted into this DynAny. 


    Returns: the TypeCode object. 

