*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule* *CSSRule* The CSSRule interface is the abstract base i

public interface interface CSSRule


|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule_Description|
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule_Fields|
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule_Constructors|
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule_Fields*
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule.CHARSET_RULE|
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule.FONT_FACE_RULE|
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule.IMPORT_RULE|
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule.MEDIA_RULE|
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule.PAGE_RULE|
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule.STYLE_RULE|
|short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule.UNKNOWN_RULE|

*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule_Methods*
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule.getCssText()|The parsable textual representation of th
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule.getParentRule()|If this rule is contained inside anoth
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule.getParentStyleSheet()|The style sheet that contains th
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule.getType()|The type of the rule, as defined above.
|org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule.setCssText(String)|

*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule_Description*

The CSSRule interface is the abstract base interface for any type of CSS 
statement. This includes both rule sets and at-rules. An implementation is 
expected to preserve all rules specified in a CSS style sheet, even if the rule 
is not recognized by the parser. Unrecognized rules are represented using the 
CSSUnknownRule interface. See also the Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 
Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule.CHARSET_RULE*

The CSSRule interface is the abstract base interface for any type of CSS 
statement. This includes both rule sets and at-rules. An implementation is 
expected to preserve all rules specified in a CSS style sheet, even if the rule 
is not recognized by the parser. Unrecognized rules are represented using the 
CSSUnknownRule interface. See also the Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 
Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule.FONT_FACE_RULE*

The CSSRule interface is the abstract base interface for any type of CSS 
statement. This includes both rule sets and at-rules. An implementation is 
expected to preserve all rules specified in a CSS style sheet, even if the rule 
is not recognized by the parser. Unrecognized rules are represented using the 
CSSUnknownRule interface. See also the Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 
Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule.IMPORT_RULE*

The CSSRule interface is the abstract base interface for any type of CSS 
statement. This includes both rule sets and at-rules. An implementation is 
expected to preserve all rules specified in a CSS style sheet, even if the rule 
is not recognized by the parser. Unrecognized rules are represented using the 
CSSUnknownRule interface. See also the Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 
Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule.MEDIA_RULE*

The CSSRule interface is the abstract base interface for any type of CSS 
statement. This includes both rule sets and at-rules. An implementation is 
expected to preserve all rules specified in a CSS style sheet, even if the rule 
is not recognized by the parser. Unrecognized rules are represented using the 
CSSUnknownRule interface. See also the Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 
Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule.PAGE_RULE*

The CSSRule interface is the abstract base interface for any type of CSS 
statement. This includes both rule sets and at-rules. An implementation is 
expected to preserve all rules specified in a CSS style sheet, even if the rule 
is not recognized by the parser. Unrecognized rules are represented using the 
CSSUnknownRule interface. See also the Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 
Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule.STYLE_RULE*

The CSSRule interface is the abstract base interface for any type of CSS 
statement. This includes both rule sets and at-rules. An implementation is 
expected to preserve all rules specified in a CSS style sheet, even if the rule 
is not recognized by the parser. Unrecognized rules are represented using the 
CSSUnknownRule interface. See also the Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 
Style Specification. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule.UNKNOWN_RULE*

The CSSRule interface is the abstract base interface for any type of CSS 
statement. This includes both rule sets and at-rules. An implementation is 
expected to preserve all rules specified in a CSS style sheet, even if the rule 
is not recognized by the parser. Unrecognized rules are represented using the 
CSSUnknownRule interface. See also the Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 
Style Specification. 



*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule.getCssText()*

public |java.lang.String| getCssText()

The parsable textual representation of the rule. This reflects the current 
state of the rule and not its initial value. 


*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule.getParentRule()*

public |org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule| getParentRule()

If this rule is contained inside another rule (e.g. a style rule inside an 
@media block), this is the containing rule. If this rule is not nested inside 
any other rules, this returns null. 


*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule.getParentStyleSheet()*

public |org.w3c.dom.css.CSSStyleSheet| getParentStyleSheet()

The style sheet that contains this rule. 


*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule.getType()*

public short getType()

The type of the rule, as defined above. The expectation is that 
binding-specific casting methods can be used to cast down from an instance of 
the CSSRule interface to the specific derived interface implied by the type. 


*org.w3c.dom.css.CSSRule.setCssText(String)*

public void setCssText(java.lang.String cssText)
  throws |org.w3c.dom.DOMException|
         




