*org.xml.sax.Locator* *Locator* Interface for associating a SAX event with a doc

public interface interface Locator


|org.xml.sax.Locator_Description|
|org.xml.sax.Locator_Fields|
|org.xml.sax.Locator_Constructors|
|org.xml.sax.Locator_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.xml.sax.Locator_Methods*
|org.xml.sax.Locator.getColumnNumber()|Return the column number where the curre
|org.xml.sax.Locator.getLineNumber()|Return the line number where the current d
|org.xml.sax.Locator.getPublicId()|Return the public identifier for the current
|org.xml.sax.Locator.getSystemId()|Return the system identifier for the current

*org.xml.sax.Locator_Description*

Interface for associating a SAX event with a document location. 

This module, both source code and documentation, is in the Public Domain, and 
comes with NO WARRANTY. See http://www.saxproject.org for further information. 

If a SAX parser provides location information to the SAX application, it does 
so by implementing this interface and then passing an instance to the 
application using the content handler's 
setDocumentLocator(|org.xml.sax.ContentHandler|) method. The application can 
use the object to obtain the location of any other SAX event in the XML source 
document. 

Note that the results returned by the object will be valid only during the 
scope of each callback method: the application will receive unpredictable 
results if it attempts to use the locator at any other time, or after parsing 
completes. 

SAX parsers are not required to supply a locator, but they are very strongly 
encouraged to do so. If the parser supplies a locator, it must do so before 
reporting any other document events. If no locator has been set by the time the 
application receives the startDocument(|org.xml.sax.ContentHandler|) event, the 
application should assume that a locator is not available. 


*org.xml.sax.Locator.getColumnNumber()*

public int getColumnNumber()

Return the column number where the current document event ends. This is 
one-based number of Java char values since the last line end. 

Warning: The return value from the method is intended only as an approximation 
for the sake of diagnostics; it is not intended to provide sufficient 
information to edit the character content of the original XML document. For 
example, when lines contain combining character sequences, wide characters, 
surrogate pairs, or bi-directional text, the value may not correspond to the 
column in a text editor's display. 

The return value is an approximation of the column number in the document 
entity or external parsed entity where the markup triggering the event appears. 

If possible, the SAX driver should provide the line position of the first 
character after the text associated with the document event. The first column 
in each line is column 1. 


    Returns: The column number, or -1 if none is available. 
*org.xml.sax.Locator.getLineNumber()*

public int getLineNumber()

Return the line number where the current document event ends. Lines are 
delimited by line ends, which are defined in the XML specification. 

Warning: The return value from the method is intended only as an approximation 
for the sake of diagnostics; it is not intended to provide sufficient 
information to edit the character content of the original XML document. In some 
cases, these "line" numbers match what would be displayed as columns, and in 
others they may not match the source text due to internal entity expansion. 

The return value is an approximation of the line number in the document entity 
or external parsed entity where the markup triggering the event appears. 

If possible, the SAX driver should provide the line position of the first 
character after the text associated with the document event. The first line is 
line 1. 


    Returns: The line number, or -1 if none is available. 
*org.xml.sax.Locator.getPublicId()*

public |java.lang.String| getPublicId()

Return the public identifier for the current document event. 

The return value is the public identifier of the document entity or of the 
external parsed entity in which the markup triggering the event appears. 


    Returns: A string containing the public identifier, or null if none is available. 
*org.xml.sax.Locator.getSystemId()*

public |java.lang.String| getSystemId()

Return the system identifier for the current document event. 

The return value is the system identifier of the document entity or of the 
external parsed entity in which the markup triggering the event appears. 

If the system identifier is a URL, the parser must resolve it fully before 
passing it to the application. For example, a file name must always be provided 
as a file:... URL, and other kinds of relative URI are also resolved against 
their bases. 


    Returns: A string containing the system identifier, or null if none is available. 

