*org.omg.CORBA.SetOverrideType* *SetOverrideType* The mapping of a CORBA enum ta

public class SetOverrideType
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |org.omg.CORBA.portable.IDLEntity|

|org.omg.CORBA.SetOverrideType_Description|
|org.omg.CORBA.SetOverrideType_Fields|
|org.omg.CORBA.SetOverrideType_Constructors|
|org.omg.CORBA.SetOverrideType_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.omg.CORBA.SetOverrideType_Fields*
|int_org.omg.CORBA.SetOverrideType._ADD_OVERRIDE|
|int_org.omg.CORBA.SetOverrideType._SET_OVERRIDE|
|org.omg.CORBA.SetOverrideType_org.omg.CORBA.SetOverrideType.ADD_OVERRIDE|
|org.omg.CORBA.SetOverrideType_org.omg.CORBA.SetOverrideType.SET_OVERRIDE|

*org.omg.CORBA.SetOverrideType_Constructors*
|org.omg.CORBA.SetOverrideType(int)|Constructs a SetOverrideType instance from 

*org.omg.CORBA.SetOverrideType_Methods*
|org.omg.CORBA.SetOverrideType.from_int(int)|Converts the given int to the corr
|org.omg.CORBA.SetOverrideType.value()|Retrieves the value of this SetOverrideT

*org.omg.CORBA.SetOverrideType_Description*

The mapping of a CORBA enum tagging SET_OVERRIDE and ADD_OVERRIDE, which 
indicate whether policies should replace the existing policies of an Object or 
be added to them. 

The method (|omg.org.CORBA.Object._set_policy_override|) takes either 
SetOverrideType.SET_OVERRIDE or SetOverrideType.ADD_OVERRIDE as its second 
argument. The method _set_policy_override creates a new Object initialized with 
the Policy objects supplied as the first argument. If the second argument is 
ADD_OVERRIDE, the new policies are added to those of the Object instance that 
is calling the _set_policy_override method. If SET_OVERRIDE is given instead, 
the existing policies are replaced with the given ones. 


*int_org.omg.CORBA.SetOverrideType._ADD_OVERRIDE*

The mapping of a CORBA enum tagging SET_OVERRIDE and ADD_OVERRIDE, which 
indicate whether policies should replace the existing policies of an Object or 
be added to them. 

The method (|omg.org.CORBA.Object._set_policy_override|) takes either 
SetOverrideType.SET_OVERRIDE or SetOverrideType.ADD_OVERRIDE as its second 
argument. The method _set_policy_override creates a new Object initialized with 
the Policy objects supplied as the first argument. If the second argument is 
ADD_OVERRIDE, the new policies are added to those of the Object instance that 
is calling the _set_policy_override method. If SET_OVERRIDE is given instead, 
the existing policies are replaced with the given ones. 


*int_org.omg.CORBA.SetOverrideType._SET_OVERRIDE*

The mapping of a CORBA enum tagging SET_OVERRIDE and ADD_OVERRIDE, which 
indicate whether policies should replace the existing policies of an Object or 
be added to them. 

The method (|omg.org.CORBA.Object._set_policy_override|) takes either 
SetOverrideType.SET_OVERRIDE or SetOverrideType.ADD_OVERRIDE as its second 
argument. The method _set_policy_override creates a new Object initialized with 
the Policy objects supplied as the first argument. If the second argument is 
ADD_OVERRIDE, the new policies are added to those of the Object instance that 
is calling the _set_policy_override method. If SET_OVERRIDE is given instead, 
the existing policies are replaced with the given ones. 


*org.omg.CORBA.SetOverrideType_org.omg.CORBA.SetOverrideType.ADD_OVERRIDE*

The mapping of a CORBA enum tagging SET_OVERRIDE and ADD_OVERRIDE, which 
indicate whether policies should replace the existing policies of an Object or 
be added to them. 

The method (|omg.org.CORBA.Object._set_policy_override|) takes either 
SetOverrideType.SET_OVERRIDE or SetOverrideType.ADD_OVERRIDE as its second 
argument. The method _set_policy_override creates a new Object initialized with 
the Policy objects supplied as the first argument. If the second argument is 
ADD_OVERRIDE, the new policies are added to those of the Object instance that 
is calling the _set_policy_override method. If SET_OVERRIDE is given instead, 
the existing policies are replaced with the given ones. 


*org.omg.CORBA.SetOverrideType_org.omg.CORBA.SetOverrideType.SET_OVERRIDE*

The mapping of a CORBA enum tagging SET_OVERRIDE and ADD_OVERRIDE, which 
indicate whether policies should replace the existing policies of an Object or 
be added to them. 

The method (|omg.org.CORBA.Object._set_policy_override|) takes either 
SetOverrideType.SET_OVERRIDE or SetOverrideType.ADD_OVERRIDE as its second 
argument. The method _set_policy_override creates a new Object initialized with 
the Policy objects supplied as the first argument. If the second argument is 
ADD_OVERRIDE, the new policies are added to those of the Object instance that 
is calling the _set_policy_override method. If SET_OVERRIDE is given instead, 
the existing policies are replaced with the given ones. 



*org.omg.CORBA.SetOverrideType(int)*

protected SetOverrideType(int _value)

Constructs a SetOverrideType instance from an int. 

    _value - must be either SET_OVERRIDE or ADD_OVERRIDE 

*org.omg.CORBA.SetOverrideType.from_int(int)*

public static |org.omg.CORBA.SetOverrideType| from_int(int i)

Converts the given int to the corresponding SetOverrideType instance. 

    i - the int to convert; must be either SetOverrideType._SET_OVERRIDE or 
       SetOverrideType._ADD_OVERRIDE 

    Returns: the SetOverrideType instance whose value matches the given int 
*org.omg.CORBA.SetOverrideType.value()*

public int value()

Retrieves the value of this SetOverrideType instance. 


    Returns: the int for this SetOverrideType instance. 

