*org.omg.CORBA.LongHolder* *LongHolder* The Holder for Long.

public final class LongHolder
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |org.omg.CORBA.portable.Streamable|

|org.omg.CORBA.LongHolder_Description|
|org.omg.CORBA.LongHolder_Fields|
|org.omg.CORBA.LongHolder_Constructors|
|org.omg.CORBA.LongHolder_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.omg.CORBA.LongHolder_Fields*
|long_org.omg.CORBA.LongHolder.value|

*org.omg.CORBA.LongHolder_Constructors*
|org.omg.CORBA.LongHolder()|Constructs a new LongHolder object with its  value 
|org.omg.CORBA.LongHolder(long)|Constructs a new LongHolder object with its  va

*org.omg.CORBA.LongHolder_Methods*
|org.omg.CORBA.LongHolder._read(InputStream)|Reads from input and initalizes th
|org.omg.CORBA.LongHolder._type()|Returns the TypeCode object   corresponding t
|org.omg.CORBA.LongHolder._write(OutputStream)|Marshals to output the value in 

*org.omg.CORBA.LongHolder_Description*

The Holder for Long. For more information on Holder files, see "Generated 
Files: Holder Files". A Holder class for a long that is used to store "out" and 
"inout" parameters in IDL methods. If an IDL method signature has an IDL long 
long as an "out" or "inout" parameter, the programmer must pass an instance of 
LongHolder as the corresponding parameter in the method invocation; for "inout" 
parameters, the programmer must also fill the "in" value to be sent to the 
server. Before the method invocation returns, the ORB will fill in the value 
corresponding to the "out" value returned from the server. 

If myLongHolder is an instance of LongHolder, the value stored in its value 
field can be accessed with myLongHolder.value. 


*long_org.omg.CORBA.LongHolder.value*

The Holder for Long. For more information on Holder files, see "Generated 
Files: Holder Files". A Holder class for a long that is used to store "out" and 
"inout" parameters in IDL methods. If an IDL method signature has an IDL long 
long as an "out" or "inout" parameter, the programmer must pass an instance of 
LongHolder as the corresponding parameter in the method invocation; for "inout" 
parameters, the programmer must also fill the "in" value to be sent to the 
server. Before the method invocation returns, the ORB will fill in the value 
corresponding to the "out" value returned from the server. 

If myLongHolder is an instance of LongHolder, the value stored in its value 
field can be accessed with myLongHolder.value. 



*org.omg.CORBA.LongHolder()*

public LongHolder()

Constructs a new LongHolder object with its value field initialized to 0. 


*org.omg.CORBA.LongHolder(long)*

public LongHolder(long initial)

Constructs a new LongHolder object with its value field initialized to the 
given long. 

    initial - the long with which to initialize the value field of the newly-created 
       LongHolder object 

*org.omg.CORBA.LongHolder._read(InputStream)*

public void _read(org.omg.CORBA.portable.InputStream input)

Reads from input and initalizes the value in the Holder with the unmarshalled 
data. 

    input - the InputStream containing CDR formatted data from the wire 

*org.omg.CORBA.LongHolder._type()*

public |org.omg.CORBA.TypeCode| _type()

Returns the TypeCode object corresponding to the value held in the Holder. 


    Returns: the TypeCode of the value held in the holder 
*org.omg.CORBA.LongHolder._write(OutputStream)*

public void _write(org.omg.CORBA.portable.OutputStream output)

Marshals to output the value in the Holder. 

    output - the OutputStream which will contain the CDR formatted data 


